0	41	The media and the public are currently discussing the recent phenomenon of “fake news” and its potential role in swaying elections, how it may affect society, and what can and should be done about it.
1	23	Prone to misunderstanding and misue, the term “fake news” arose from the observation that, in social media, a certain kind of ‘news’ spreads much more successfully than others, and this kind of ‘news’ is typically extremely one-sided (hyperpartisan), inflammatory, emotional, and often riddled with untruths.
2	83	Although traditional yellow press has been spreading ‘news’ of varying de- grees of truthfulness long before the digital revolution, its amplification over real news within social media gives many people pause.
3	129	The fake news hype caused a widespread disillusionment about social media, and many politicians, news publishers, IT companies, activists, and scientists concur that this is where to draw the line.
4	75	For all their good intentions, however, it must be drawn very carefully (if at all), since nothing less than free speech is at stake—a fundamental right of every free society.
5	16	Many favor a two-step approach where fake news items are detected and then countermeasures are implemented to foreclose rumors and to discourage repetition.
6	19	While some countermeasures are already tried in practice, such as displaying warnings and withholding ad revenue, fake news detection is still in its infancy.
8	44	Since knowledge-based and context-based approaches to fake news detection can only be applied after publication, i.e., as news events unfold and as social interactions occur, they may not be fast enough.
9	25	We have identified style-based approaches as a viable alternative, allowing for instantaneous reactions, albeit not to fake news, but to hyperpartisanship.
10	54	In this regard we contribute (1) a large news corpus annotated by experts with respect to veracity and hyperpartisanship, (2) extensive experiments on discriminating fake news, hyperpartisan news, and satire based solely on writing style, and (3) validation experiments to verify our finding that the writing style of the left and the right have more in common than any of the two have with the mainstream, applying Unmasking in a novel way.
57	40	Having checked a total of 2,282 posts, 1,145 mainstream, 471 leftwing, and 666 right-wing, Silverman et al. (2016) reported key insights as a data journalism article.
58	57	The annotations were published alongside the article.3 However, this data only comprises URLs to the original Facebook posts.
60	31	Due to the rapid pace at which the publishers change their websites, we were able to recover only 1,627 articles, 826 mainstream, 256 left-wing, and 545 right-wing.
64	16	Finally, all news rated “mostly false” underwent a final check to ensure the rating was justified, lest the respective publishers would contest it.
69	26	It should also only be used when the unsupported or false information is roughly equal to the accurate information in the post or link.
81	27	Disregarding non-factual articles, a little more than a quarter of all hyperpartisan left-wing articles were found faulty: 15 articles mostly false, and 51 a mixture of true and false.
111	27	A steep decrease is more likely than a shallow decrease if the two documents have been written by the same author, since there are presumably less discriminating features between documents written by the same author than between documents written by different authors.
113	67	It turns out that what applies to the style of authors also applies to genre styles.
117	32	Classification performance is measured as accuracy, and class-wise precision, recall, and F1.
120	19	This is also why we chose the evenly-balanced F1.
124	45	Can fake news be distinguished from satire?
125	43	Our first experiment addressing the first question uncovered an odd behavior of our classifier: it would often misjudge left-wing for right-wing news, while being much better at distinguishing both combined from the mainstream.
126	285	To explain this behavior, we hypothesized that maybe the writing style of the hyperpartisan left and right are more similar to one another than to the mainstream.
127	57	To investigate this hypothesis, we devised two additional validation experiments, yielding three sources of evidence instead of just one.
129	26	Separating the left and right orientation from the mainstream does not work too well: the topic baseline outperforms the style-based models with regard to accuracy, whereas the results for class-wise precision and recall are a mixed bag.
132	22	Misclassified mainstream articles spread almost evenly across the other classes.
133	85	The poor performance of the domain-specific news style features by themselves demonstrate that orientation cannot be discriminated based on the basic corpus characteristics observed with respect to paragraphs, quotations, and hyperlinks.
136	24	Rather, we trained a binary Features Accuracy Precision Recall F1 all left right main.
141	24	Attempts to answer this question gave rise to our aforementioned hypothesis that, perhaps, the writing style of hyperpartisan left and right are not altogether different, despite their opposing agendas.
144	40	If leftwing and right-wing articles have a more similar style than either of them compared to mainstream articles, then what class would a binary classifier assign to a left-wing article, if it were trained to distinguish only the right-wing from the mainstream, and vice versa?
