3	12	These feelings are affected by one’s personality from an early age (as pinpointed above) and can strongly impact one’s psychological and physical health.
4	25	For example, pessimism and negative attitudes impact negatively one’s mental health, can induce suicidal thoughts, and affect negatively not only the person in question, but also their family and friends (Peterson and Bossio, 2001; Achat et al., 2000; Scheier et al., 2001).
6	38	Despite that optimism and pessimism are under the scrutiny of many researchers (Rasmussen et al., 2009; Kumar et al., 2017), large scale analyses that explore optimism and pessimism in social media have just started to emerge (Ruan et al., 2016).
7	11	However, Ruan et al. (2016) focused on identifying optimism and pessimism in Twitter using a simple “bag of words” representation with no emphasis on incorporating semantic information hidden in text.
8	14	Often, a deeper understanding of the text that accounts for textual semantic similarities and the writer’s intention are required in order to correctly detect the characteristics of optimistic and pessimistic feelings in tweets.
10	23	First, we focus on the question: “Would a deep learning approach help to discover these characteristics better than traditional machine learning classifiers used in prior work?” To our knowledge, we take the first step towards exploring the performance of deep learning models for optimism/pessimism prediction in Twitter and identify the most promising deep learning models for this task.
12	37	Second, since it may seem intuitive that a positive sentiment is associated with optimism and a negative sentiment with pessimism, we address the question: “Would a sentiment classifier be sufficient to correctly identify optimism and pessimism in social media?” Figure 1 shows evidence that a sentiment tool would not suffice on accurately predicting tweets with pessimistic and optimistic connotations (left and right side of the figure, respectively).
14	19	Third, we perform a linguistic analysis, first of its kind, and study the usage of verb tenses (past, present, future) in optimistic and pessimistic tweets, as well as the presence of polarity words associated with both types of tweets.
18	19	These tweets were sampled from data corresponding to 500 optimist and 500 pessimist users, and were manually annotated using Amazon Mechanical Turk.
22	16	In the second evaluation setting, a tweet is labeled as pessimistic if its score is smaller than or equal to −1, and optimistic if its score is greater than or equal to 1.
24	13	The Stanford Sentiment Treebank (SST) (Socher et al., 2013) is a corpus for sentiment analysis that capture complex linguistic patterns.
28	11	In experiments, we explore several deep learning models for optimism/pessimism prediction.
32	12	We used several encoders as follows, based on: (1) Bidirectional Long Short Term Memory networks (BiLSTMs), which are a special type of Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs) (Hochreiter and Schmidhuber, 1997); (2) Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs), which consist of convolution and max pooling (Kim, 2014); and (3) Stacked Gated RNNs (Chung et al., 2015).
45	14	We can see that overall, the deep learning models achieve a much higher performance compared with the work by Ruan et al. (2016), i.e., the NB and SVM classifiers on “bag of words,” for both tweet and user level with both thresholds, yielding an improvement in performance between 5%- 10%.
46	11	For example, at tweet level and 1/-1 threshold, CNN yields an accuracy of 90.32% as compared with NB, which achieves an accuracy of 84.10%.
48	10	Not surprising, for both tweet and user level, when we use a threshold of 0, the performance of all models is smaller compared with that of models obtained when we use a 1/-1 threshold.
51	13	In our second experiment, we investigate the correlation between sentiment and optimism / pessimism, and argue that sentiment analyzers, that are trained to predict sentiment (Liu, 2012; Pang and Lee, 2008), fail to detect optimism and pessimism.
53	12	Table 3 shows the performance of several deep learning models trained on either SST or TSA datasets and evaluated on the OPT dataset.
56	23	For example, there is a drop in performance from 80.19% to 67.60% when training on TSA (with an even larger decrease when we train on SST).
61	17	Precisely, we show how many tweets from the set of optimistic (or pessimistic) tweets in the OPT dataset are predicted as negative, neutral or positive by the TSA sentiment classifier.
63	29	As we can see from the figure, although pessimism is more correlated with a negative sentiment, 13% of the pessimistic tweets are classified as positive (with similar results on the optimism category).
64	16	In this section, we perform a linguistic analysis and study the usage of verb tenses in optimistic and pessimistic tweets, as well as the presence of polarity words associated with both types of tweets.
67	13	For this analysis, we used the part of speech tagger spaCy5 and assigned the verbs to their corresponding tenses according to the Penn Treebank Project; that is, the tags VBD and VBN correspond to past tense, VBG, VBZ , VBP correspond to present tense, whereas an MD tag followed by VB (possibly with a negation between them) corresponds to the future tense.
77	13	Instead of using the presence or absence of the words from the two lexicons in tweets, we calculated the cosine similarity between the word embeddings of the words in the two lexicons with the words in the tweets.
82	24	As shown in the figure, more positive words appear in optimistic tweets compared with negative words (1,242 vs. 71), while there is not a substantial difference between the numbers of positive and negative words in pessimistic tweets (118 vs. 210).
86	15	In this paper, we explored deep learning models for optimism and pessimism prediction in Twitter and showed that these models substantially outperform traditional classifiers such as Naı̈ve Bayes and Support Vector Machines.
90	38	Interesting future directions are: understanding how one’s age is correlated with optimism / pessimism; if one user is characterized by a mixture of topics, is that user optimist (pessimist) across all these topics?
91	11	Thus, decomposing a user’s textual data into topic and correlating this with optimism and pessimism may be interesting to explore; last, studying how optimism and pessimism are affected by sarcasm.
92	47	As we started our study with a pessimistic quote from the movie “The Edge of Seventeen,” we end our study with a quote from the same movie, with a positive sentiment and full of optimism: “Life’s about taking risks.
93	89	Don’t be afraid to put yourself out there.”
