8	25	Guys passing comments, staring, trying to touch.
12	31	This automatic classification of different forms of sexual harassment can help victims and authorities to partially automate and speed up the process of filling online sexual violence reporting forms (see Figure 1), which usually requires the victim to detail each form of sexual harassment that took place.
14	34	A study by the Bureau of Justice found that victims who report sexual assault are more likely to seek medical treatment for injuries, which also allows for more immediate prosecution and a better chance of finding DNA evidence to convict the offender (Rennison, 2002).
19	23	With this task and analysis, we hope that these stories can be used to prevent future sexual harassment.
32	43	Multi-Label Classification We also present multi-label classification (Boutell et al., 2004; Tsoumakas and Katakis, 2006; Katakis et al., 2008), which allows for models to predict multiple categories simultaneously for the same input.
36	21	SafeCity2 is, to the best of our knowledge, the largest publicly-available online forum for reporting sexual harassment.
44	15	Each description may fall into none, some, or all of the categories.
57	23	The CNN has 100 filters per filter size of [3, 4, 5].
62	19	See Table 1 for single-label results on the selected harassment categories, where CNN-RNN was the best performing model compared to several nonneural and neural baselines.
64	19	We provide various visualization techniques to analyze our models.
66	15	We selected seed words that corresponded to class labels and found the nearest neighbors of each seed word’s vector by reducing the dimensionality of the word embeddings using t-SNE (see Table 3) (Maaten and Hinton, 2008).
67	35	This form of visualization not only ensures that our model has learned appropriate word embeddings, but also demonstrates that each form of sexual harassment has a unique and distinct context.
69	33	LIME analysis (Ribeiro et al., 2016), or Local Interpretable Model-Agnostic Explanation, interprets the local reasoning of a model around an instance.
70	20	Results of LIME (ξ) are found by taking the minimum of L, which is the measure of how unfaithful the interpretable model (g) is to approximating the probability that an input (x) belongs to a certain class (f ) in the locally defined area (πx) summed with complexity measures Ω, giving ξ(x) = argmin L(f, g, πx) + Ω(g).
71	35	In Figure 3 (left), the words “touch”, “man”, and the collective words “indecently till pushed away” are the most important to the local classification of “groping”.
72	15	Furthermore, the word “metro” has importance in the classification, suggesting that this may be a fre- quent location in which groping takes place.
73	15	In Figure 3 (middle), the words with the most importance are “comments” and “staring”, indicating that ogling may coincide with commenting very frequently.
77	27	While LIME analysis and first derivative saliency are both used to find word-level contributions, first derivative saliency is model-dependent and gives reasoning behind classification based on the whole model, in contrast to the locally-faithful, model-agnostic LIME analysis technique.
80	26	In Figure 4 (middle), the classification of “commenting” was most influenced by the word “commenting”, followed by the word “age”.
83	17	We see that the word “body”, followed by “language”, had the most influence on the classification of this exam- ple as “commenting”.
85	15	However, the true label was “non-commenting”, as the word was not used in a context of sexual language, but rather as “vague language” and “body language”.
86	15	Activation clustering (Girshick et al., 2014; Aubakirova and Bansal, 2016) accesses the activation values of all n neurons and treats the activation values per input as coordinates in ndimensional space.
89	25	Circumstances of Harassment: One of the clusters was classified as “ogling”: {‘a group of boys was standing near us and were making weird expressions and as we moved away they started following’; ‘a group of guys lurking around the theater...’}.
92	21	Location and Time of Harassment: Some clusters contain examples that point to specific locations of harassment, e.g., a groping cluster: {‘i was in the bus and there was this man who purposely fell on me and touched me inappropriately’; ‘while traveling in a crowded bus most of the time men try to grind their intimate part over my body’; ‘i was in the bus when a man standing tried to put his d**k on my hand’}.
98	35	This phenomenon can be presumed to happen with names of offenders as well.
99	33	If many reports have been filed around this offender, clusters will form around his/her name.
103	15	We presented the novel task of identifying various forms of sexual harassment in personal stories.
105	37	Using visualization techniques, we found circumstances surrounding forms of harassment and the possibility of automatically identifying safe areas and repeat offenders.
106	19	In future work, we hope to experiment with the transferability of our model to other datasets to encompass the diverse mediums through which these personal stories are shared.
107	24	Honoring the courage that these victims demonstrated in sharing their stories online, we use these descriptions not only to help summarize online testimonials and provide more detailed safety advice, but also to help others report similar occurrences to hopefully prevent future sexual harassment from occurring.
