30	2	This includes email, consumer behavior, social media posts, and opinion articles.
52	2	In this section, we present the Capsule model for detecting and characterizing significant diplomatic events.
53	17	We first provide the intuition behind Capsule, and then formally specify the model.
56	72	We can imagine that this entity sends a stream of diplomatic cables over time— some to the U.S. State Department, others to other American embassies, such as the one in Hong Kong.
57	16	Embassies usually write cables that describe typical diplomatic business.
59	8	We can think of a topic as being a probability distribution over vocabulary terms.
63	6	For example, the day after the capture of Saigon, the majority of the diplomatic cables written by the Bangkok embassy and several other entities were about Vietnam War refugees.
65	4	We now define the Capsule model.
67	17	Each message is associated with an author entity ad and a time interval td within which that message was sent.
69	12	dv/ : (1) The rate dv blends the different influences on message content.
70	16	Specifically, it blends three types of topics, intended to capture “business-as-usual” discussion and content related to significant events.
71	52	We operationalize each topic as a specialized probability distribution over vocabulary terms (the set of unique words in the corpus of messages), as is common in topic models (Blei et al., 2003; Canny, 2004; Gopalan et al., 2014)—i.e., each term is associated with each topic, but with a different probability.
72	100	Each message blends 1) general topics ˇ1; : : : ;ˇK about diplomacy (e.g., terms about diplomats, terms about communication), 2) an entity topic ad specific to the author of that message (e.g., terms about Hong Kong),3 and 3) event topics 1; : : : ; T that are specific to the events in recent time intervals (e.g., terms about a coup, terms about the death of a dignitary).
73	72	Examples of these three types of topics are in table 1.
74	74	The general topic relates to planning travel, the entity topic captures words related to the U.S.S.R., and the event topic captures words related to the evacuation of Saigon toward the end of the Vietnam War.
75	34	The messages share the three types of topics in different ways: all messages share the general topics, messages written by a single entity share an entity topic, and messages in the same time interval use the event topics in similar ways.
78	9	Specifically, the Poisson rate for vocabulary term v in message d is dv D KX kD1 dkˇkv C d adv C TX tD1 f .td ; t / dt tv; (2) where dk is message d ’s strength for general topic k, d is message d ’s strength for ad ’s entity topic, and dt is message d ’s strength for event topic t .
80	92	As we describe in appendix B, we compared several different decay functions (exponential, linear, and step) and found that the following exponential decay function works well in practice: f .td ; t / D ( 0 t td < t C exp .td t/ = 5 otherwise.
81	17	(3) Dividing by five means that we can interpret it as the number of time intervals after which an event will have little impact on the content of the messages.
82	32	We place hierarchical gamma priors over the message-specific strengths, introducing entityspecific strengths 1; : : : ; A and 1; : : : ; A that allow different entities to focus on different topics and event strengths 1; : : : ; T that allow different time intervals to be more or less “eventful.” We place Dirichlet priors over the topics.
83	10	The graphical model is in figure 3 and the generative process is in figure 4.
87	2	As for many Bayesian models, this posterior distribution is not tractable to compute; approximating it is therefore our central statistical and computational problem.
88	13	We introduce an approximate inference algorithm for Capsule, based on variational methods (Jordan et al., 1999),4, which we outline in appendix A.5 This algorithm produces a fitted variational distribution which be can then be used as a proxy for the true posterior distribution.
90	16	Specifically, we can explore “business-as-usual” content using the posterior expected values of the general topics ˇ1; : : : ;ˇK and the entity topics 1; : : : ; A, and we can detect and characterize events using the posterior expected values of the event strengths and the event topics.
91	47	To detect events, we define an measure that quantifies the “eventness” of time interval t .
92	8	Specifically, we first compute how relevant each message d is to that time interval: mdt D f .td ; t /EŒ dt .
98	20	Figure 5 contains several screenshots of the tool’s browsing interface.
99	29	demo: http://www.princeton.edu/~achaney/capsule/.
