2	22	Court view is the written explanation from judges to interprete the charge decision for certain criminal case and is also the core part in a legal document, which consists of rationales and a charge where the charge is supported by the rationales as shown in Fig.
3	28	In this work, we propose to study the problem of COURT VIEW GENeration from fact descriptions in cases, and we formulate it as a text-to-text natural language generation (NLG) problem (Gatt and Krahmer, 2017).
4	18	The input is the fact description in a case and the output is the corresponding court view.
5	19	We only focus on generating rationales because charges can be decided by judges or charge prediction systems by also analyzing the fact descriptions (Luo et al., 2017; Lin et al., 2012).
6	59	COURT-VIEW-GEN has beneficial functions, in that: (1) improve the interpretability of charge prediction systems by generating rationales in court views to support the predicted charges.
7	11	The justification for charge decision is as important as deciding the charge itself (Hendricks et al., 2016; Lei et al., 2016).
8	27	(2) benefit the automatic legal document generation as legal assistant systems, by automatically generating court views from fact descriptions, to release much human labor especially for simple cases but in large amount, where fact descriptions can be obtained from legal professionals or techniques such as information extraction (Cowie and Lehnert, 1996).
10	39	Highquality rationales in court views should contain the important fact details such as the degree of injury for charge of intentional injury, as they are important basis for charge determination.
11	32	Fact details are like the summary for the fact description similar to the task of DOCument SUMmarization (Yao et al., 2017).
13	24	The fact descriptions for charge of negligent homicide usually only describe someone being killed without direct statement about 1854 FACT DESCRIPTION ... 经审理查明, 2009年7月10日23时许,被告人陈某伙同八至九名男青年在徐闻县新寮镇建寮路口附近路上拦截住搭载着李某的摩托车,然后, 被告人陈某等人持钢管、刀对李某进行殴打。经法医鉴定,李某伤情为轻伤。... # ... After hearing, our court identified that at 23:00 on July 10, 2009, the defendant Chen together with other eight or nine young men stopped Lee who was riding a motorcycle on street near the road in Xinliao town Xuwen County, after that the defendant Chen and the others beat Lee with steel pipe and knife.
15	16	... COURT VIEW 本院认为, 被告人陈某无视国家法律,伙同他人,持器械故意伤害他人身体致一人轻伤 rationales, 其 行 为 已 构 成故意伤害罪 charge。# Our court hold that the defendant Chen ignored the state law and caused others minor wound with equipment together with others rationales.
16	16	His acts constituted the crime of intentional assault charge.
19	49	For example, the charges of intentional homicide and negligent homicide are similar and the corresponding fact descriptions will be expressed in similar way.
21	25	Secondly, high-quality court views should contain the fact details in the fact descriptions such as the degree of injury for intentional injury charge because fact details are the important basis for charge determination.
32	15	• We introduce a novel label conditioned sequence to sequence model with attention for COURT-VIEW-GEN. • Experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness of our model and exploiting charge labels will significantly improve the classdiscriminations of generated court views.
49	16	I this paper, we explore ch rge labels of the corresponding fact descriptions, to benefit generating chargediscriminative rationales, where charge labels can be easily decided by human or charge prediction systems.
107	20	The generated word sequential paths will be ranked and the one with largest value is selected as the final rationales in court view.
108	22	Following Luo et al. (2017), we construct dataset from the published legal documents in China Judgements Online2.
160	13	For the fluent evaluation, generation models are highly close to retrieval methods whose rationales are written by humans, which reflects that the generation models can generate highly natural rationales.
183	11	Exceeding the length of 30, model performance decreases dramatically.
184	11	Are BLEU and Rouge suitable for COURT-VIEW-GEN evaluation?
194	22	What generated rationales in court views will be if they are conditioned on fake charge labels?
196	26	8, the rationales conditioned on fake charges will be partly relevant to fake charge labels and also maintain fact details from the input fact description of gold charge.
197	11	For the fake charge of intentional homicide, its fact details should be “caused someone dead”, but instead express “causing someone slight injury” which is relevant to charge of intentional injury.
199	15	Examples of generated rationales in court views are shown in Fig.
205	18	Utilizing charge labels, retrieval method can easily retrieve chargerelated rationales, but hard to index rationales with accurate fact details.
208	12	We utilize charge labels to benefit the generation of charge-discriminative rationales in court views and propose a label-conditioned Seq2Seq model with attention for this task.
209	31	Extensive experiments show the efficiency of our model and exploiting charge labels.
210	59	In the future: 1) More advanced technologies like reinforcement learning (Sutton and Barto, 1998) can be introduced to generate latent fact details such as the time of theft more accurately; 2) In this work, we only generate rationales in court views omitting charge prediction, it is interesting to see whether jointly generating the two parts will benefit both of the tasks; 3) Studying verification mechanism is meaningful to judge whether generated court views can really be adopted which is important for COURT-VIEW-GEN in practice; 4) More complex cases with multiple charges and multiple defendants will be considered in the future.
212	17	Ours [寻衅滋事罪] PP 随意殴打他人 ，致一人轻伤 ，情节恶劣。# [defiance and affray crime] PP beat others at will , caused one people slight injury .
