0	60	Each year, about 50,000 screenplays are registered with the WGA1, the Writers Guild of America.
1	21	Only a fraction of these make it through to be considered for production and an even smaller fraction to the big screen.
3	30	Typically, production companies, agencies, and studios hire script readers, whose job is to analyze screenplays that come in, sorting the hopeful from the hopeless.
4	27	Having read the script, a reader will generate a coverage report consisting of a logline (one or two sentences describing the story in a nutshell), a synopsis (a two- to three-page long summary of the script), comments explaining its appeal or problematic aspects, and a final verdict as to whether the script merits further consideration.
5	40	A script excerpt from “Silence of the Lambs”, an American thriller released in 1991, is shown in Figure 1.
6	22	Although there are several screenwriting tools for authors (e.g., Final Draft is a popular application which automatically formats scripts to industry standards, keeps track of revisions, allows insertion of notes, and writing collaboratively online), there is a lack of any kind of script reading aids.
7	21	Features of such a tool could be to automatically grade the quality of the script (e.g., thumbs up or down), generate 1066 synopses and loglines, identify main characters and their stories, or facilitate browsing (e.g., “show me every scene where there is a shooting”).
50	48	As mentioned earlier, we define script summarization as the task of selecting a chain of scenes representing the movie’s most important content.
55	23	,sn} of scenes, and a set C = {c1, .
57	19	.sk} of ordered, consecutive scenes subject to a compression rate m (see the example in Figure 3).
58	36	A natural interpretation of m in our case is the percentage of scenes from the original script retained in the summary.
60	54	We therefore find the chain S′ maximizing the objective function Q(S′) which is the weighted sum of three terms: the story progression P, scene diversity D, and scene importance I: S∗ = argmax S′⊂S Q(S′) (1) Q(S′) = λPP(S′)+λDD(S′)+λII(S′) (2) In the following, we define each of the three terms.
63	25	We operationalize this idea of progression in a story in terms of how strongly the characters in a selected scene si influence the transition to the next scene si+1: P(S′) = |S′|−1 ∑ i=0 ∑ c∈Ci INF(si,si+1|c) (3) We represent screenplays as weighted, bipartite graphs connecting scenes and characters: B = (V,E) : V = C∪S E = {(s,c,ws,c)|s ∈ S, c ∈C, ws,c ∈ [0,1]}∪ {(c,s,wc,s)|c ∈C, s ∈ S, wc,s ∈ [0,1]} The set of vertices V corresponds to the union of characters C and scenes S. We therefore add to the bipartite graph one node per scene and one node per character, and two directed edges for each scene-character and character-scene pair.
65	29	We further assume that two scenes si and si+1 are tightly connected in such a graph if a random walk with restart (RWR; Tong et al. 2006; Kim et al. 2014) which starts in si has a high probability of ending in si+1.
77	41	Diversity The diversity term D(S′) in our objective should encourage chains which consist of more dissimilar scenes, thereby avoiding redundancy.
78	58	The diversity of chain S′ is the sum of the diversities of its successive scenes: D(S′) = |S′|−1 ∑ i=1 d(si,si+1) (12) The diversity d(si,si+1) of two scenes si and si+1 is estimated taking into account two factors: (a) do they have any characters in common, and (b) does the sentiment change from one scene to the next: d(si,si+1) = dchar(si,si+1)+dsen(si,si+1) 2 (13) where dchar(si,si+1) and dsen(si,si+1) respectively denote character and sentiment similarity between scenes.
79	20	Specifically, dchar(si,si+1) is the relative character overlap between scenes si and si+1: dchar(si,si+1) = 1− |Csi ∩Csi+1 ||Csi ∪Csi+1 | (14) dchar will be 0 if two scenes share the same characters and 1 if no characters are shared.
85	42	We define I(S′) as the sum of all scene-specific importance scores imp(si) of scenes contained in the chain: I(S′) = |S′| ∑ i=1 imp(si) (18) The importance imp(si) of a scene si is the ratio of lead to support characters within that scene: imp(si) = ∑c: c∈Csi∧c∈main(M) 1 ∑c: c∈Csi 1 (19) where Csi is the set of characters present in scene si, and main(M) is the set of main characters in the movie.5 I(si) is 0 if a scene does not contain any main characters, and 1 if it contains only main characters (see Section 5 for how main(M) is inferred).
111	78	By summing over the sentiment scores of individual words, we can work out the sentiment of an interaction between two characters, the sentiment of a scene (see Equation (17)), and even the sentiment between characters (e.g., who likes or dislikes whom in the movie in general).
112	35	Main Characters The progress term in our summarization objective crucially relies on characters and their importance (see the weight wc,s in Equation (4)).
125	38	Examples of the features we used for the classification task include the barycenter of a character (i.e., the sum of its distance to all other characters), PageRank (Page et al., 1999), an eigenvectorbased centrality measure, absolute/relative interaction weight (the sum of all interactions a character is involved in, divided by the sum of all interactions in the network), absolute/relative number of sentences uttered by a character, number of times a character is described by other characters (e.g., He is a monster or She is nice), number of times a character talks about other characters, and type-tokenratio of sentences uttered by the character (i.e., rate of unique words in a character’s speech).
129	19	Aside from Equation (4), lead characters also appear in Equation (19), which determines scene importance.
130	38	We assume a character c ∈ main(M) if it is predicted by the MLP with a probability ≥ 0.5.
158	56	Using Amazon Mechanical Turk (AMT)9, we elicited answers for eight scripts (four comedies and thrillers) in four summarization conditions: using our model, the two baselines based on minimum and maximum character overlap, and the random system.
160	22	The scripts were preselected in an earlier AMT study where participants were asked to declare whether they had seen the movies in our test set (65 in total).
164	33	A correct answer was marked with a score of one, and zero otherwise.
166	20	The score for a summary is the average of its question scores.
185	35	For example, “Little Athens” has a very loose plotline, “Living in Oblivion” has multi- ple dream sequences, whereas “While She was Out” contains only a few characters and a series of important scenes towards the end.
187	48	In this paper we have developed a graph-based model for script summarization.
192	44	Finally, our long-term goal is to be able to generate loglines as well as movie plot summaries.
