0	34	Chinese word segmentation (CWS) is generally accepted to be a necessary first step in most Chinese NLP tasks because Chinese sentences are written in continuous sequences of characters with no explicit delimiters (e.g., the spaces in English).
5	18	Thus, it is difficult to build a large-scale manually segmented corpus, and the resulting lack of such a corpus is detrimental to further enhancement of the accuracy of CWS.
9	5	However, because monolingual unlabeled data contain limited natural segmenting information, in most semisupervised methods, the objective function tends to be optimized based on the personal experience and knowledge of the researchers.
13	79	As the example presented in Fig 1 shows, the English sentences that correspond to Chinese text can easily help guide better segmentation, and thus, the learning of segmenting information from bilingual data is a very promising approach.
14	66	In this paper, to obtain high-quality segmenting information from bilingual unlabeled data, we leverage multilevel features using the following steps: first, we integrate character-level features calculated using a conditional random field (CRF) model, which is used to capture the monolingual grammars.
15	19	Then, we employ a statistical aligner to perform character-based alignment.
16	7	Given the results of this character-based alignment, we apply several phrase-level features to extract explicit and implicit segmenting information: (1) we use two types of English-Chinese co-occurrence features (one-to-many and many-to-many) to learn the explicit segmenting information of the English sentences, (2) we use the transliteration similarity feature to detect out-of-vocabulary (OOV) words using a phrase-based translation model, and (3) we employ a neural network to calculate the semantic gap between the Chinese and English words to ensure that the Chinese segmentation follows the semantic meanings of the corresponding English sentences as closely as possible.
17	88	Finally, we employ another phrase-based translation model to perform a sentence-level calculation of the translation probability of the Chinese segmentation and its corresponding English sentences.
18	93	After obtaining these multilevel features, we normalize them and combine them into two log-linear models in a cascaded structure, which is illustrated in Fig 2.
30	11	However, the primary shortcoming of these approaches is that they rely heavily on a large amount of labeled data, which is very timeconsuming and expensive to produce.
32	6	To address this problem, a number of semisupervised CWS approaches have been intensively investigated in recent years.
33	10	For example, (Sun and Xu, 2011) enhanced their segmentation results by interpolating statistics-based features derived from unlabeled data into a CRF model.
34	7	(Zeng et al., 2013a) introduced a graph-based semi-supervised joint model of Chinese word segmentation and part-of-speech tagging and regularized the learning of a linear CRF model based on the label distributions derived from unlabeled data.
36	13	By contrast, we leverage bilingual unlabeled data that contain the natural segmentation that is present in English sentences and can therefore extract linguistic knowledge without any manual assumptions or bias.
37	60	Some previous work ((Xu et al., 2008); (Chang et al., 2008); (Ma and Way, 2009);(Chung et al., 2009); (Xi et al., 2012)) has been performed on leveraging bilingual unlabeled data to achieve better segmentation, although most such studies have focused on statistical machine translation (SMT).
39	237	(Zeng et al., 2014) also used such mappings to bias a supervised segmentation model toward a better solution for SMT.
40	18	However, because most of these approaches focus on SMT performance, they emphasize decreasing the perplexity of the bilingual data and word alignment rather than improving the CWS accuracy.
