0	69	Conversational agents tailored for communication with language learners are studied in the area of Communicative Intelligent Computer-Assisted Language Learning (CommICALL).
1	90	Starting with the idea of creating a machine that behaves like a language expert in an informal chat, specific interactional practices need to be described where linguistic identities of interaction participants become visible.
3	22	Repair is a building block of conversation that helps to deal with troubles in understanding and production of talk.
4	15	Depending on who produced a trouble source and who initiates a repair we distinguish between self-initiated and other-initiated repair.
7	27	It may become even more frequent in conversations where one of the speakers is more knowledgeable in some matters than the other, for instance in mastering professional terminology or communication in a second language not yet fully mastered.
10	16	The learner initiates a repair in response to something not (fully) understood, and the machine explains.
11	79	This type of repair corresponds to other-initiated self-repair with a linguistic trouble source where the language learner is the recipient of the trouble talk (OISRL).
12	61	CommICALL research is mainly grounded in Second Language Acquisition (SLA) theory (Petersen, 2010; Wilske, 2014).
15	21	However, this model has been criticized for its view on repair as something "marring the flow" of a conversation and for being inapplicable to non-institutional settings (Markee, 2000).
20	47	We use a dataset of German native/non-native instant messaging conversations (Höhn, 2015) to analyze practices of repair in native/non-native speaker informal chat.
66	20	This article seeks to contribute to the research on repair in CommICALL by a microanalytic study of sequences of other-initiated self-repair when the native speaker is the trouble-speaker.
68	32	The machine will need to recognize repair initiations, to extract the trouble source and to deliver an appropriate response.
70	35	This section analyses interactional resources used by the non-native speakers in chat in order to other-initiate repair with a linguistic trouble source, that is to signal trouble and to reference the trouble source.
86	25	Candidate understanding is another possibility to mark a unit of an utterance as not (completely) clear.
91	20	Many many people 221 L08 ja ich habe über Oktoberfest gehört, etwas lustiges und buntes)) yes I have heard about Oktoberfest, something funny and colourful 222 N04 ja, und teures und überfülltes ;-) yes, and expensive and overfilled 223 L08 ))überfülltes bedeutet "viele viele Leute"?
99	20	If the trouble source is one semantic unit (one word or an idiomatic expression), a dictionary-like definition (synonyms + examples) is often selected to provide a repair.
130	23	(3) Repair carry-outs may be immediate and delayed.
135	42	This way of referencing corresponds to self-repairs where native speakers only explained a few words from a longer turn or longer part of a turn marked as a trouble source.
153	17	Signalling trouble involves symbolic and/or lexicalised means and a specific format designed either to mark something as unclear or to compare the trouble source with the own version of understanding.
157	64	A repair initiation format is a combination of a reference to the trouble source and a selected signalling format: RIFormat = REF × SignalFormat The referencing types are repeat-based repeat(x), based on demonstratives Dem and reference by position AP .
160	47	REF = {repeat(x), AP, Dem} SignalFormat = {unclear(x), equals(x, y)} x, y ∈ {word, idiom, PoM, utterance} This repair recognition procedure is also expected to differentiate between ordinary questions related to the subject of the ongoing talk and repair initiations.
163	30	This may be influenced by the learner model, but also by the system’s capabilities to generate a repair proper.
165	72	Repair carry-outs can contain a lexical reference to the trouble source, such as repeat-based and demonstratives-based references, or point to it just by the adjacent position to the repair initiation.
170	21	RCOFormat = REF ×RCOF REF = {repeat(x), AP, Det, splitRepeat(x)} RCOF = {explain(x), conf(equals(x, y))} Delayed self-repairs need to update the focus of the talk, and therefore, a repeat-based reference makes more sense than other types of referencing.
173	35	We discuss various practical issues in the next section.
174	17	The purpose of this section is to validate the practical applicability of the abstract model described in the preceding section.
179	206	Alles paletti?</template> </category> Example 5.1 illustrates how a chatbot can benefit from patterns extracted from the dataset to come closer to the behaviour of a language expert.
180	36	A sub-dialogue with the chatbot: other-initiated self-repair where the chatbot is the trouble-speaker.
181	88	4 Bot umgangssprachlich alles gut, alles in Ordnung, alles okay.
182	169	colloquial everything good, everything fine, everything okay.
