0	35	Entering a new group is rarely easy.
3	28	Fitting in has been tied to positive career outcomes such as faster time-to-promotion, higher performance ratings, and reduced risk of being fired (O’Reilly et al., 1991; Goldberg et al., 2016).
9	65	Our approach differentiates between an individual’s (1) base rate of word use and (2) linguistic alignment to interlocutors.
10	37	The former corresponds to internalization of the group’s linguistic norms, whereas the latter reflects the capacity to regulate one’s language in response to peers’ language use.
11	19	We apply this language model to a corpus of internal email communications and personnel records, spanning a seven-year period, from a mid-sized technology firm.
12	24	We show that changes in base rates and alignment, especially with respect to pronoun use, are consistent with successful assimilation into a group and can predict eventual employment outcomes— continued employment, involuntary exit, or voluntary exit—at levels above chance.
16	25	Alignment is an instance of a widespread and socially important human behavior: communication accommodation, the tendency of two interacting people to nonconsciously adopt similar behaviors.
18	74	More accommodating people are rated by their interlocutors as more intelligible, attractive, and cooperative (Feldman, 1968; Ireland et al., 2011; Triandis, 1960).
19	22	These perceptions have material consequences—for example, high accommodation requests are more likely to be fulfilled, and pairs who accommodate more in how they express uncertainty perform better in lab-based tasks (Buller and Aune, 1988; Fusaroli et al., 2012).
22	19	Most relevant for this work, speakers may increase their accommodation to signal camaraderie or decrease it to differentiate from the group.
24	102	Person-group fit and linguistic alignment These findings suggest that linguistic alignment is a useful avenue for studying how people assimilate into a group.
51	23	To limit these pairs to cases where the reply was likely related to the preceding message, we removed all emails with more than one sender or recipient (including CC/BCC), identical sender and recipient, or where the sender or recipient was an automatic notification system or any other mailbox that was not specific to a single employee.
53	21	Finally, because our analyses involve enculturation dynamics over the first six months of employment, we excluded replies sent by an employee whose overall tenure was less than six months.
56	20	Of the 485, 66 left voluntarily, 90 left involuntarily, and 329 remained employed at the end of the observation period.
62	32	The core principle of WHAM is that alignment is a change, usually an increase, in the frequency of using a word category in a reply when the word category was used in the preceding message.
67	43	We add a month-bymonth change term to WHAM, yielding a piecewise linear model of these factors over the course of an employee’s tenure.
68	31	Each employee’s tenure is broken into two or three segments: their first six months after being hired, their last six months before leaving (if they leave), and the rest of their tenure.2 The linear segments for their alignment are fit as an intercept term ηalign, based at their first month (for the initial period) or their last month (for the final period), and per-month slopes α. Baseline segments are fit similarly, with parameters ηbase and β.3 To visualize the alignment behaviors and the parameter values, we create “sawhorse” plots, with an example in Figure 1.
103	38	We expect that increases in we usage will occur as the employee is integrated into the group, while I and you usage will decrease, and want to understand whether these changes manifest on baseline usage (i.e., internalization), alignment (i.e., self-regulation), or both.
104	32	Design We divided each employee’s emails by calendar month, and separated them into the employee’s first six months, their last six months (if an employee left the company within the observation period), and the middle of their tenure.
113	37	Since employees with different outcomes have much different experiences over their last six months, we will not discuss them in aggregate, aside from noting the sharp decline in we alignment near the end of the employees’ tenures.
118	21	Employees who eventually leave the company involuntarily show signs of more selfregulation than internalization over the first six months, increasing their alignment while decreasing their baseline use (though they return to more similar levels as other employees later in their tenure).
119	47	Employees who stay at the company, as well as those who later leave voluntarily, show signs of internalization, increasing their baseline usage to the company average, as well as adapting their alignment levels to the mean.
126	33	We then created logistic regression classifiers, using the parameter estimates to predict whether an employee would leave the company.
128	23	Our results show that early alignment behaviors are better at identifying employees who will leave involuntarily than voluntarily, consistent with Srivastava et al.’s (forthcoming) findings that voluntary leavers are similar to stayers until late in their tenure.
144	62	The pairs of categories that are likely to be referentially or transitionally linked are: (you, I); (we, I); (you, we); (past, present); (present, future); and (certainty, tentativity).
146	43	This modification does not change the structure of the WHAM model, but rather changes its C and N counts by reclassifying replies between the baseline or alignment pathways.
147	86	Results Figure 5 plots the differences in predictive model performance using lexical versus referential alignment parameters.
148	32	We find that the semantic parameters provide more accurate classification than the lexical both for voluntarily and involuntarily-leaving employees.
154	18	This suggests that these employees do not feel fully integrated into the group, although they are willing to identify as a part of it when a more fully-integrated group member includes them, corresponding to self-regularization over internalization.
162	26	We adapted a hierarchical alignment model from previous work to estimate fit within corporate email communications, focusing on changes in language during employees’ entry to and exit from the company.
