4	36	Other studies have shown a link between processing delays and the low frequency of center-embedded constructions like object relatives (Hale, 2001), but they have not explored the source of this low frequency.
29	20	Note that antilocality effects (where longer dependencies are easier to process) have also been observed in some languages, and DLT is unable to account for these phenomena (Vasishth and Lewis, 2006).
31	32	ACT-R is based on theories of neural activation.
33	31	A newly observed sign (word) associatively activates any appropriate arguments from working memory, so multiple similarly appropriate arguments would slow processing as the parser must choose between the highly activated hypotheses.
38	163	Finally, ACT-R predicts something like DLT’s storage cost due to the need to differentiate each newly encoded sign from those previously encoded (similarity-based encoding interference) (Lewis et al., 2006).
41	21	Temporal cueing is based on a context of temporal features for the current state (Howard and Kahana, 2002).
42	46	The temporal context in which the subordinate sequence concludes must be similar enough to the temporal context in which it was initiated to recall where in the superordinate sequence the subordinate sequence occurred.
45	65	The association between the current temporal context and the temporal context prior to the interruption is strong enough to cue the next action.
47	20	For example, recalling the 20th note of a song is difficult, but when playing the song, each note cues the fol- lowing note, leading one to play the 20th note without difficulty.
56	22	Language processing is typically centered in the left hemisphere of the brain (for right-handed individuals).
58	24	Once an embedded construction terminates, the reader may still have temporary access to these extra processing resources, which may briefly speed processing.
59	35	This hypothesis would, therefore, predict an encoding cost when a center embedding is initiated.
68	33	Note that embedding difference makes the opposite prediction from DLT in that integrating an embedded clause is predicted to speed processing.
70	78	This paper uses a hierarchic sequence model implementation of a left-corner parser variant (van Schijndel et al., in press), which represents connected components of phrase structure trees in hierarchies of hidden random variables.
72	54	Each connected component state in this model then represents a contiguous portion of a phrase structure tree (see Figure 1 on preceding page).
74	56	4 If an observation xt can attach as the awaited sign of the most recent (most subordinate) connected component a/b, it is hypothesized to do so, turning this incomplete sign into a complete sign a (F–, below); or if the observation can serve as a lower descendant of this awaited sign, it is hypothesized to form the first complete sign a′ in a newly initiated connected component (F+): a/b xt a b→ xt (F–) a/b xt a/b a′ b + → a′ ... ; a′ → xt (F+) Then, if either of these complete signs (a or a′ above, matched to a′′ below) can attach as an initial of the form: P Q R, meaning premise P entails conclusion Q ac- cording to rule R. ⊤/⊤ the ⊤/⊤, D F+ ⊤/⊤, NP/N L– studio ⊤/⊤, NP F– ⊤/⊤, S/VP L– bought ⊤/⊤, S/VP, V F+ ⊤/⊤, S/NP L+ the ⊤/⊤, S/NP, D F+ ⊤/⊤, S/NP, NP/N L– publisher ⊤/⊤, S/NP, NP F– ⊤/⊤, S/NP, D/G L– ’s ⊤/⊤, S/NP, D F– child of the awaited sign of the immediately superordinate connected component state a/b, it is hypothesized to do so and terminate the subordinate connected component state, with xt as the last observation of the terminated connected component (L+); or if the observation can serve as a lower descendant of this awaited sign, it is hypothesized to remain disjoint and form its own connected component (L–): a/b a′′ a/b′′ b→ a′′ b′′ (L+) a/b a′′ a/b a′/b′′ b + → a′ ... ; a′ → a′′ b′′ (L–) These operations can be made probabilistic.
75	32	The probability σ of a transition at time step t is defined in terms of (i) a probability φ of initiating a new connected component state with xt as its first observation, multiplied by (ii) the probability λ of terminating a connected component state with xt as its last observation, multiplied by (iii) the probabilities α and β of generating categories for active and awaited signs aqn t and bqn t in the resulting most subordinate connected component state qnt .
93	31	Predicted correlations to reading times for the F and L transitions are summarized in Table 2.
97	30	Since this work focuses on incremental processing, all processing that occurs up to a given point in the sentence is of interest.
99	64	Go-past durations are calculated by summing all fixations in a region of text, including regressions, until a new region is fixated, which accounts for additional processing that may take place after initial lexical access, but before the next region is processed.
100	47	For example, if one region ends at word 5 in a sentence, and the next fixation lands on word 8, then the go-past region consists of words 6-8 and the go-past duration sums all fixations until a fixation occurs after word 8.
101	33	The measures presented in this paper were evaluated on the Dundee eye-tracking corpus (Kennedy et al., 2003).
103	27	The corpus also includes eye-tracking data from 10 native English speakers, which provides a test corpus of 260,124 subject-duration pairs of reading time data.
132	26	Only a single proposed measure (or its spillover corrollary) was included in each model.
133	26	The results shown in Table 3 reflect the probability of the full model fit being obtained by the model lacking each factor of interest.
143	24	Ultimately, Demberg and Keller (2008) concluded that the negative coefficient was evidence that integration cost was not a good broad-coverage predictor of reading times; however, this study has replicated the effect and showed it to be a very strong predictor of reading times, albeit one that is correlated with facilitation rather than inhibition.
150	21	An example of this may be seen in the case of a transitive verb triggering the prediction of a direct object.
151	137	This kind of cueing would show up as a frequency effect predicted by surprisal rather than as a memory-based cost, due to frequent occurrences becoming ingrained as a learned skill.
155	32	By weighting each of the sequential cueing operations with the embedding depth at which it occurs, an experiment may be able to test these two predictions.
157	33	This suggests that memory limitations may provide a partial explanation of what gives rise to frequency effects.
