0	26	Imagine that you were working on a draft paper which contained a sentence like the following:1 A variety of coherence theories have been developed over the years ... and their principles have found application in many symbolic text generation systems (e.g. [CITATION HERE]) Wouldn’t it be helpful if your editor automatically suggested some references that you could cite here?
1	35	This is what a citation recommendation system ought to do.
4	24	Our longer term research goal is to provide suggestions that satisfy the requirements of specific expository or rhetorical tasks, e.g. provide support for a particular argument, acknowledge previous work that uses the same methodology, or exemplify work that would benefit from the outcomes of the author’s work.
9	30	This can be captured as a set of relevance judgements for candidate citations over a corpus of documents, which is an arduous effort that requires considerable manual input and very careful preparation.
11	46	Fortunately there is already an abundance of data that meets our requirements: every scientific paper contains human “judgements” in the form of citations to other papers which are contextually appropriate: that is, relevant to specific passages of the document and aligned with its argumentative structure.
12	69	Citation Resolution is a method for evaluating CBCR systems that is exclusively based on this source of human judgements.
39	24	The core criterion of this task is to use only the human judgements that we have clearest evidence for.
40	50	Let d be a document and R the collection of all documents that are referenced in d. We believe it is reasonable to assume that the author of document d knows enough about the contents of each document Ri to choose the most appropriate citation from the collection R for every citation context in the document.
42	78	We use these judgements for evaluation: our task is to match every citation context in the document (i.e. the surrounding context of a citation token) with the right reference from the list of references cited by that paper.
44	15	Our document collection used for retrieval is further composed of only the references of that document that we can access.
47	17	We then create a document representation of the referenced document (currently a Vector Space Model, but liable to change).
49	12	For each citation token we then extract its context (b.i), which becomes the query in IR terms.
70	18	We tested three different approaches to generating a document’s VSM representation: internal representations, which are based on the contents of the document, external representations, which are built using a document’s incoming link citation contexts (following Ritchie (2009) and He et al. (2010)) and mixed representations, which are an attempt to combine the two.
72	17	Passage consists in splitting the document into half-overlapping passages of a fixed length of k words and choosing for each document the passage with the maximum cosine similarity score with the query.
73	18	We present the results of using 250, 300 and 350 as values for k. • The external representations (inlink context) are based on extracting the context around citation tokens to the document from other documents in the collection, excluding the set of test papers.
75	15	This context is extracted in the same way as the query: as a window, or list of w tokens surrounding the citation left and right.
77	21	• We build the mixed representations by simply concatenating the internal and external bagsof-words that represent the documents, from which we then build the VSM representation.
78	16	For this, we combine different window sizes for the inlink context with: full text, title abstract and passage350.
85	46	The best score of 0.413 is obtained by the inlink context method with a window of 10 tokens left, 5 right, combined with the similarly-sized ex- traction method for the query (window10 10).
87	123	Whether this is because the descriptions of these papers in the contexts of incoming link citations capture the essence or key relevance of the paper, or whether this effect is due to authors reusing their work or to these descriptions originating in a seed paper and being then propagated through the literature, remain interesting research questions that we intend to tackle in future work.
91	42	These results also show that the task is far from solved, with the highest accuracy achieved being just under 47%.
92	87	There is clear room for improvement, which we believe could firstly come from a more targeted extraction of text, both for generating the document representations and for extracting the citation contexts.
93	11	Our ultimate goal is matching claims and comparing methods, which would likely benefit from an analysis of the full contents of the document and not just previous citations of it, so in future work we also intend to use the context from the successful external results as training data for a summarisation stage.
94	12	In this paper we have presented Citation Resolution: an evaluation method for context-based citation recommendation (CBCR) systems.
96	40	We have employed Citation Resolution to test three approaches to building a document representation for a CBCR system: internal (based on the contents of the document), external (based on the surrounding contexts to citations to that document) and mixed (a mixture of the two).
97	36	Our evaluation shows that: 1) using chunks of a document (passages) as its representation yields better results that using its full text, 2) external methods obtain higher scores than internal ones, and 3) mixed methods yield better results than either in isolation.
98	16	We intend to investigate more sophisticated ways of document representation and of extracting a citation’s context.
99	13	Our ultimate goal is not just to suggest to the author documents that are “relevant” to a specific chunk of the paper (sentence, paragraph, etc.
100	11	), but to do so with attention to rhetorical structure and thus to citation function.
101	43	We also aim to apply our evaluation to other document collections in different scientific domains in order to test to what degree these results can be generalized.
