2	227	For example, English speakers readily use a new verb like text in both the double-object (DO) construction (“text me the details”) and the prepositional-dative (PD) (“text the details to me”) – an instance of the dative alternation.
13	35	In addition, when a verb repeatedly occurs in one construction when an alternative construction could have been appropriate, speakers appear to learn that the verb is inappropriate in the alternative, regardless of its overall frequency (Goldberg, 2011).
14	42	Given these observations, it has been argued that both the semantic and statistical properties of a verb underlie its degree of acceptability in alternating constructions (e.g., Braine and Brooks, 1995; Theakston, 2004; Ambridge et al., 2014).
15	50	Recently, Ambridge and Blything (2015) propose a computational model designed to study the role of verb semantics and frequency in the acquisition of the dative alternation.
19	21	Our results show that the Bayesian model provides a better fit to the psycholinguistic data, which we suggest is due to its richer learning mechanism: its two-level clustering approach can exploit distributional properties of the input in a manner consistent with human generalization behaviour.
37	34	The AB connectionist model of Ambridge and Blything (2015) aims to predict the preference of a verb for each of three target constructions, on the basis of verb semantics and the observed distribution of verbs in those constructions in the input.
47	28	Each verb is also represented by a vector of semantic features that capture properties relevant to its meaning when used in one of the two dative constructions (based on elicited human judgments from Ambridge et al., 2014).
49	33	Representing the construction of the input usage (DO, PD, or other) on the output nodes reflects the formalization of the learning as an association of semantic and lexical features with a syntactic pattern, and the knowledge of the model is demonstrated by activating the construction output nodes in response to a lexical/semantic input.
50	48	The BFS of model Barak et al. (2014) is a Bayesian clustering model that simultaneously and incrementally learns both constructions and verb classes in a two-level design; see Figure 2 for an illustration of each level.
56	24	The clusters at this level correspond to constructions of the language – i.e., probabilistic associations of form and meaning.
91	33	The models are trained with sufficient input to converge on stable behavior.
117	35	The BFS model also produces preferences for verbs in each construction that have a significant positive correlation with human judgments.
120	22	That is, the BFS model provides a better prediction of the preference per verb, which is key to producing a verb in the appropriate syntax.
123	28	The very high frequency of this single artificial construction (see other in Table 1) results in higher predictions of it for any of the verbs, even though the “transfer” feature in test inputs has a value intended to signal one of the dative constructions.
126	42	As noted earlier, we found that the semantic features of alternating verbs can be highly similar to non-alternating verbs – e.g., give (alternating) and pull (PO-only) have similar semantic vectors.
127	30	With such input, the model cannot form sufficiently distinct first-level clusters based on the semantics, particularly when the data is presented with such a flat distribution (note the small differences in log frequencies in Table 1).
128	53	Visual inspection reveals that these clusters in the model largely form around syntactic constructions, with mixed semantic properties.
130	38	The use of an artificial highfrequency non-dative construction (other), and the use of log frequencies, seem to mask the influence of the semantic and syntactic properties on learning the verb-bias for each verb.
132	38	To allow a more direct analysis of the role of statistical and semantic properties in learning and generalizing the dative, we adjust the input to the models in the next section.
133	78	Here we perform the same type of experiments, but using input in proportion to the raw frequencies of the verbs (instead of log frequencies) over occurrences only in the two dative constructions (with no other construction).
135	46	Table 3 presents the correlation results for the two models’ preferences for each construction and the verb bias score; we also show the correlation plots for the verb bias score in Figure 3.
136	24	The AB model does not correlate with the judgments for the DO.
139	37	As in the earlier experiments, the best correlation with the verb bias score is produced by the second level of the BFS model, as Figure 3 demonstrates.
140	30	As shown by Barak et al. (2013b), the Bayesian model is better at learning the distribution pattern of each verb class given a skewed distribution, as in the raw frequencies here.
145	36	But the same factor can serve to limit generalization – e.g., because the unseen verb mail is semantic dissimilar to a frequent PD-only verb like pull, its preference for the PD syntax is limited, giving it a good match to human judgments by preventing its overgeneralization (see Figure 3).
150	152	Moreover, the use of a skewed distribution reveals the role of the high verb-in-construction frequency in guiding the association of construction and meaning (see Ambridge et al., 2014, for discussion).
151	67	Yet both models would benefit from a richer semantic representation that better captures the distinctive properties of verbs across various constructions.
153	42	This study enables an evaluation of the psycholinguistic plausibility of each model for the given task when facing identical input and experimental settings.
155	26	By providing the first direct comparison between two existing models of this phenomenon, we are the first to demonstrate the complex interaction of various linguistic properties in the input, and how rich learning mechanisms are required in order to achieve generalizations compatible with human judgments in this area.
157	53	We find that the Bayesian model of BFS significantly correlates with human judgments on the 3 key evaluation measures.
