0	5	We consider the problem of label estimation in crowdsourcing.
1	70	The basis of our work is the single-coin model of Dawid & Skene (1979): In this model, the input comes in the form of a sparsely filled W × T worker-task label matrix.
2	27	The workers possess unique unknown skills, and tasks assume unique unknown labels.
3	9	The worker-task label matrix collects the random labels provided by the workers for the individual tasks.
4	44	The skill level of a worker is the (scaled) probability of the worker’s label matching the true unknown label for any of the tasks.
5	8	The observed labels are independent of each other.
6	39	Given the workers’ skill levels, the optimal way (Nitzan & Paroush, 1981; Shapley & Grofman, 1984) to reconstruct the unknown labels is to use weighted majority voting where the weights assigned to the label provided by a worker is equal to the log-odds underlying the worker’s skill.
7	14	In practice, the crowd is often highly heterogenous ranging from highly skilled to negatively skilled workers.
8	17	Downweighting unskilled workers and upweighting skilled workers has a significant impact on performance.
9	48	Since skill levels are unknown, we follow prior works (e.g., Dalvi et al., 2013; Berend & Kontorovich, 2014; Szepesvári, 2015; Bonald & Combes, 2016) and adopt a two-step approach, whereby worker skills are first estimated and then these skills are used with the optimal weighting method to recover labels.
10	38	Sparse & Irregular Assignments: In practice, skill estimation is challenging because worker assignments are sparse and irregular due to the arbitrary and uncontrolled availability of workers (Karger et al., 2013; Dalvi et al., 2013).
11	69	An additional subtle issue is the lack of diversity in terms of interactions between the workers: A worker is often grouped with a limited subset of workers across all tasks 1.
12	32	Our Contributions: (i) we formulate skill estimation as a weighted least-squares rank-one problem where the weights are proposed to compensate for the varying accuracy of the moment estimates which is expected to be seen in most practical applications; (ii) we propose to use projected gradient descent to minimize the resulting objective function; (iii) we provide a theoretical justification of this approach: we give natural and mild conditions on the weighting matrix under which we prove that gradient descent, despite the objective being nonconvex, is guaranteed to find the rankone decomposition of the true moment matrix despite the presence of sparse weighting; (iv) we provide experimental evidence for the strength of the proposed method both on synthetic and standard benchmark data.
13	53	For the numerical illustration, as most datasets are multiclass (the labels take on more than two values), we also provide a naive extension of the method to the multiclass case, essentially following Karger et al. (2013; 2014), which works well in practice.
14	7	Technical Novelty: We derive a fundamental result for rank-one matrix completion: the unobserved entries can be recovered if and only if the sampling matrix is irreducible and aperiodic.
15	82	Our results for convergence of the proposed gradient descent scheme should be especially surprising given that the weighted low-rank factorization problem is known to be NP-hard even for the rank-one case (Gillis & Glineur, 2011).
16	40	The apparent contradiction is resolved by noting that we constrain both the data (rank-one) and the weighting matrices (irreducible and aperiodic).
17	22	We present an entirely original proof that exploits combinatorial properties of bipartite graphs, which could be of independent interest.
18	6	In contrast to our approach, existing results in low-rank matrix completion require strong assumptions on the weighting matrix.
19	6	Typically, the weighting matrix is binary (i.e., an entry is either present or missing), and the assumptions require either incoherence or a random weighting matrix (e.g., Ge et al., 2016).
51	2	We consider binary crowdsourcing tasks where a set of workers provide binary labels for a large number of items.
53	23	A problem instance θ .= (s,A, g) is given by a skill vector s = (s1, .
54	23	, sW ) ∈ [−1, 1]W , the worker-task assignment set A ⊂ [W ] × N and the vector of “ground truth labels” g ∈ {±1}N. When A ⊂ [W ]× [T ] for some T ∈ N, we say that θ is a finite instance with T tasks, otherwise θ is an infinite instance.
55	4	We allow infinite tasks to be able to discuss asymptotic identifiability.
58	7	Let A be a worker-task assignment set.
