0	21	Sentiment-oriented relation extraction (Choi et al., 2006) is concerned with recognizing sentiment polarities and comparative relations between entities from natural language text.
4	16	In particular, we found that more than 38% of the sentences in our test corpus contain more than one type of relations.
6	32	Therefore, in this paper, we identify instances of both sentiment polarities and comparative relations for entities of interest simultaneously.
18	52	We minimize this overhead by applying a simplified annotation scheme, in which annotators mark mentions of entities and attributes, disambiguate the entities, and label instances of relations for each sentence.
19	39	Based on the new scheme, we have created a small Sentiment Relation Graph (SRG) corpus for the domains of cameras and movies, which significantly differs from the corpora used in prior work (Wei and Gulla, 2010; Kessler et al., 2010; Toprak et al., 2010; Wiebe et al., 2005; Hu and Liu, 2004) in the following ways: i) both sentiment polarities and comparative relations are annotated; ii) all mentioned entities are disambiguated; and iii) no subjective expressions are annotated, unless they are part of entity mentions.
21	33	For example, with the sentence “I like the Rebel a little better, but that is another price jump”, simply assigning a sentimentbearing expression to the nearest relation candidate is insufficient, especially when the sentiment is not explicitly expressed.
23	12	SENTI-LSSVM is applied to find the most likely set of the relation instances expressed in a given sentence, where the latent variables are used to assign the most appropriate textual evidences to the respective instances.
25	23	• We design a task-specific integer linear programming (ILP) formulation for inference.
27	14	• We conduct extensive experiments with online reviews and forum posts, showing that SENTI-LSSVM model can effectively learn from a training corpus without explicitly annotated subjective expressions and that its performance significantly outperforms state-of-the-art systems.
53	26	These relations include objective relations and the subjective relations other than sentimentoriented relations.
62	27	We define the type l ∈ {better,worse} to indicate two possible directions of the relation and assume mi occurs before mj .
68	21	Consequently, an edge in an eMRG is denoted by a pair (a, c), where a represents a mention-based relation instance and c is the associated textual evidence.
72	20	For a given sentence with known entity mentions, we select all possible mention sets as relation candidates, where each set includes at least one entity mention.
73	57	Then we associate each relation candidate with a set of constituents or the whole sentence as the textual evidence candidates (cf.
74	11	Subsequently, the inference component aims to find the most likely eMRG from all possible combinations of mention-based relation instances and their textual evidences (cf.
76	23	Finally, the model parameters of this model are learned by an online algorithm (cf.
83	39	To tackle the task, one solution is to employ an edge-factored linear model in the framework of structural SVM (Martins et al., 2009; Tsochantaridis et al., 2004).
95	17	Since the assignments of textual evidences are not observed, an assignment of evidences to y is denoted by a latent variable h ∈ H(x) and H = ∪x∈XH(x).
98	15	Our discriminant function is defined as f(x) = argmax(y,h)∈Y(x)×H(x)β >Φ(x, y, h) (1) where Φ(x, y, h) is the feature function of an eMRG (y, h) and β is the corresponding weight vector.
108	13	The output of the first predictor is an integer value, while the output of the second predictor is a sentiment relation, such as “positive”, “negative”, “better” or “worse”.
128	22	As not every edge set can form an eMRG, we require that a valid eMRG should satisfy a set of linear constraints, which form our constraint space.
135	25	Let Ce denote the set of textual evidence candidates of an unlabeled edge e. The constraint of at most one textual evidence per edge is formulated as: ∑ c∈Ce ηec ≤ 1 (3) Once a textual evidence is assigned to an edge, their relation labels should match and the number of labeled edges must agree with the number of attached textual evidences.
165	30	For evaluation we constructed the SRG corpus, which in total consists of 1686 manually annotated online reviews and forum posts in the digital camera and movie domains2.
185	18	We implemented a rule-based baseline (DINGRULE) and a structural SVM (Tsochantaridis et al., 2004) baseline (SENTI-SSVM) for comparison.
187	14	In our implementation, we keep all the rules of (Ding et al., 2009) and add one phrase-level rule when there are more than one mention in a sentence.
225	64	Due to the complexity of expressions in the movie reviews our model cannot benefit from the unigram features but these features are a good compensation for the sentiment predictor features in camera forum posts.
228	25	The edge co-occurrence features do not play an important role in our model since the number of co-occurred sentiment-oriented relations in the sentences with contrast conjunctions like “but” is small.
234	36	We proposed SENTI-LSSVM model for extracting instances of both sentiment polarities and comparative relations.
235	79	For evaluating and training the model, we created an SRG corpus by using a lightweight annotation scheme.
236	124	We showed that our model can automatically find textual evidences to support its relation predictions and achieves significantly better F-measure scores than alternative state-of-the-art methods.
