0	80	While there has been much work on generating history timelines automatically, these approaches are commonly evaluated on events that took place in recent decades, as they depend on the availability of large numbers of articles describing the same historical period.
3	12	The high number of mentions suggests that the beginning of the Iraq War was an important historical event.
5	18	Generating event timelines for arbitrary historical periods is therefore a much harder problem, which requires methods that rely less heavily on the types of rich, parallel and dense information contained in news clusters.
6	13	To investigate this problem, we approach timeline generation as a special single-document summarisation task.
7	13	In other words, we assume that the information to be summarised is contained in a single history article, and that no further mentions of specific events exist externally.
8	19	This is a realistic scenario, for instance, for a specialist article describing the history of music in Ancient China.
27	25	We follow the literature on event extraction and use TimeML events (Pustejovsky et al., 2003).
28	20	Most TimeML events are verbs, but some are nominalisations such as “invasion” or other event-like words such as “war”.
32	9	Global factors represent intuitions about which combinations of events should or should not be selected.
33	8	Our approach, which is unsupervised, takes into account the factors described in what follows.
35	12	This is true for all historical periods from prehistory onwards, since for most events at least an approximate date is known.
39	22	We used HeidelTime (Strötgen and Gertz, 2013), a the state-of-theart temporal expression software package, to identify such temporal expressions.
43	12	For instance, we would expect that a timeline describing the history of a country should contain information about revolutions, invasions, elections and similar events, whereas a timeline about science will instead focus on discoveries, publications, and Nobel prizes.
45	26	Only history-specific articles whose title starts with “History of” are considered.
46	8	We start by generating sets of all Wikipedia history articles belonging to a given subject area, e.g. AGPE or AINVENTION.
47	71	To do this, we make use of the Wikipedia category system.
48	43	For instance, for constructing a set of articles for the subject area FIELD OF SCIENCE, we collected all history articles that belong to the Wikipedia category “History of science by discipline”.
52	13	If the ratio is high, lemma l is more likely to appear in articles of subject area g than in Wikipedia overall, suggesting that it is typical for the given subject area.
54	21	imp(e) is a weighted average of the preference scores of all words in a window.
55	10	The intuition is that context words of the event word can also be expected to be indicative of the subject area (consider “publish a paper”) in many cases.
62	23	We therefore take into account global factors as well.
63	8	We experiment with two different methods: Exploiting document structure.
69	25	xi is a variable denoting whether the corresponding event ei has been selected.
107	25	The supervised baseline (“Chasin et al. (2014)”) was re-implemented using LibSVM (Chang and Lin, 2011), and SVM parameters were tuned using grid search.
112	29	Both our systems perform comparably on the test set; removing any of the three components results in lower performance.
113	14	Using a parser to identify dated events has a strong positive effect (see “Round-robin, simple date criterion”).
115	8	The fact that a completely unsupervised system performs best is encouraging, as training data for this task is very expensive to obtain.
116	61	Our results suggest that it might be worth investigating other types of prior knowledge about the semantics of an input text in further research.
118	9	We have introduced an unsupervised method for the challenging problem of timeline generation from single history articles, a scenario where parallel texts cannot be assumed to exist.
119	19	Our method results in a significant improvement over a novel unsupervised baseline as well as an existing supervised approach.
