2	107	Resolving crossnarrative temporal relationships between medical events is essential to the task of generating an event timeline from across unstructured clinical narratives such as admission notes, radiology reports, history and physical reports and discharge summaries.
4	94	Given multiple temporally ordered medical event sequences generated from each clinical narrative in a patient record, how can we combine the events to create a timeline across all the narratives?
5	49	The tendency to copy-paste text and summarize past information in newly generated clinical narratives leads to multiple mentions of the same medical event across narratives (Cohen et al., 2013).
44	40	This, when considered along with the admission date, allows us to relatively order hypertension with respect to other medical events.
50	42	Learning temporal relations before, after and simultaneous between the medical event starts and stops corresponds to learning all of Allen’s temporal relations (Allen, 1981) between the medical events.
51	27	Following our previous work (Raghavan et al., 2012c), such a representation allows us to temporally order the event starts and stops within each clinical narrative by learning to rank them in relative order of time.
52	31	The problem definition is as follows: Input: Sequences of temporally ordered medical event starts and stops.
54	46	Each sequence corresponds to a clinical narrative.
55	48	The total number of sequences correspond to the number of clinical narratives for a patient.
56	133	Problem: Combine medical events across these sequences to generate a timeline i.e., a single comprehensive sequence of medical events over all clinical narratives of the patient.
57	83	Expected Output: In the example shown in Figure 2, the output would be as follows: Timeline (N1, N2, N3)= {cocaine usestart < hypertensionstart = hypertensionstart < admission1 < chest painstart ∼ palpitationsstart < chest painstop < heart attackstart = myocardial infarctionstart < admission2 < infectionstart < MRSAstart < admission3 < woundsstart}.
60	67	The first approach to learning a temporal ordering of medical events across all clinical narratives is to consider all pairs of events across all narratives and learn to classify them as sharing one of Allen’s temporal relations (Allen, 1981) using a single learning model.
61	35	Alternatively, a ranking ap- proach, similar to the one used to generate intranarrative temporal ordering, can also be extended to the cross-narrative case.
62	86	However, the features related to narrative structure and relative and implicit temporal expressions used for temporal ordering within a clinical narrative may not be applicable across narratives.
89	42	• The medical events across sequences are not simultaneous and do not corefer as illustrated in Figure 5.
90	36	In this case, the joint score considers the probability of the temporal relation before and no coreference.
104	27	The WFST composition operation allows the outputs of one WFST to be fed to the inputs of a second WFST or FSA.
106	77	(1) where i = c or i = c + t. This gives us a combined weighted graph by mapping the output symbols of the first medical event sequence to the input symbols of the second medical event sequence.
107	62	The scores on the decoding graph are derived from only the coreference probabilities if i = c and both coreference and temporal relation probabilities if i = c+ t. In the medical event sequence alignment problem, we want to align multiple sequences of medical events that correspond to multiple clinical narratives of a patient.
110	25	The best hypothesis corresponds to the highest scoring path which can be obtained using shortest path algorithms like Djikstra’s algorithm.
111	34	The best path corresponds to the best alignment across all medical event sequences based on the joint probability of cross-narrative medical event coreferences and temporal relations across the narrative sequences.
113	30	One solution to this problem is to do the alignment greedily pairwise, starting from the most recent medical event sequences, finding the best path, and iteratively moving on to the next sequence, and proceeding until the oldest medical event sequence.
120	36	Based on the learned pairwise temporal relations, if we have the following constraints a < x, m > x, m < a. Aligning N1 and N2 greedily pairwise may give us the best combined sequence as a, x, b, y ∈ N12.
122	32	However, performing a beam search over the composed WFST in equation 2 allows us to accommodate such constraints across multiple sequences.
124	25	We also use popular dynamic programming algorithms (Needleman et al., 1970, Smith and Waterman, 1981) for sequence alignment of medical events across narratives and compare it to the WFST-based representation and decoding.
125	30	As a contrast, we adapt two dynamic programming algorithms for sequence alignment: global alignment using the Needleman Wunsch algorithm (NW) (Needleman et al., 1970) and local alignment using the Smith-Waterman algorithm (SW) (Smith and Waterman, 1981).
173	43	Results indicate that the WFSTbased method outperforms the dynamic programming approach for multi-sequence alignment (statistical significance p<0.05).
189	37	The accuracy of intra-narrative temporal ordering is 82.1%.
197	39	There is no clear trend with respect to the number of medical events and narratives for a patient (Table 1.
203	58	Decoding this graph allows us to jointly maximize coreference as well as temporal relation probabilities to derive a timeline of the most likely temporal ordering of medical events.
