0	50	Tree-structured recursive neural networks (TreeRNNs; Socher et al., 2011)—which build a vector representation for a sentence by incrementally computing representations for each node in its parse tree—have been proven to be effective at sentence understanding tasks like sentiment analysis (Socher et al., 2013), textual entailment (Bowman et al., 2016), and translation (Eriguchi et al., 2016).
1	27	Some variants of these models (Socher et al., 2011; Bowman et al., 2016) can also be trained to produce ∗Now at eBay, Inc. parse trees that they then consume.
2	69	Recent work on latent tree learning (Yogatama et al., 2017; Maillard et al., 2017; Choi et al., 2018) has led to the development of new training methods for TreeRNNs that allow them to learn to parse without ever being given an example of a correct parse tree, thereby replacing direct syntactic supervision with indirect supervision from a downstream task like sentence classification.
4	36	Latent tree learning models have shown striking success at sentence understanding, reliably performing better on sentiment analysis and textual entailment than do comparable TreeRNN models which use parses assigned by conventional parsers, and setting the state of the art among sentence-encoding models for textual entailment.
8	38	work in latent tree learning to date has included any substantial evaluation of the quality of the trees induced by these models, leaving open an important question which this paper aims to answer: Do these models owe their success to consistent, principled latent grammars?
11	49	While there is still lively debate within linguistic syntax and semantics over the precise grammars that should be used for language understanding and generation, it has long been clear that understanding any natural language sentence requires implicitly or explicitly recognizing which substrings of the sentence form meaningful units, or constituents (Chomsky, 1965; Frege, 1892; Heim and Kratzer, 1998).
19	72	In this paper, we reimplement the latent tree learning models of Yogatama et al. (2017) and Choi et al. (2018) in a shared codebase, train both models (and several baselines) to perform textual entailment on the SNLI and MultiNLI corpora (Bowman et al., 2015; Williams et al., 2018), and evaluate the results quantitatively and qualitatively with a focus on four issues: the degree to which latent tree learning improves task performance, the degree to which latent tree learning models learn similar grammars across random restarts, the degree to which their grammars match PTB grammar, and the degree to which their grammars appear to follow any recognizable grammatical principles.
81	26	Our primary experiments use the newer Multi-Genre Natural Language Inference Corpus (MultiNLI; Williams et al., 2018).
83	28	Following Williams et al. (2018), we train on the combination of MultiNLI and SNLI in these experiments (yielding just under 1M training examples) and evaluate on MultiNLI (using the matched development and test sets).
91	28	To understand the impact of this component, we follow Choi et al. (2018) in also training each model with the leaf GRU replaced with a simpler context-insensitive input encoder that simply multiplies each GloVe vector by a matrix.
95	24	For hyperparameters for which no obvious default value exists—the L2 and dropout parameters, the relative weighting of the gradients from REINFORCE in RL-SPINN, the starting learning rate, and the size of the tracking LSTM state in SPINN—we heuristically select ranges in which usable values can be found (focusing on MultiNLI development set performance), and then randomly sample values from those ranges.
113	33	None of our latent tree learning models reach the state of the art on either task, but all are comparable in both absolute and relative performance to other published results, suggesting that we have trained reasonable examples of latent tree learning models and can draw informative conclusions by studying the behaviors of these models.
114	14	If it were the case that a latent tree learning model outperforms its baselines by identifying some specific grammar for English that is better than the one used in PTB and the Stanford Parser, then we would expect these models to identify roughly the same grammar across random restarts and minor configuration changes, and to use that grammar to produce consistent task performance.
137	57	We see that the baseline models perform about as well on MultiNLI as on PTB, with scores above 65%, and that these models produce trees that tend toward right branching rather than left branching.
144	21	All runs perform below chance on the parsed sentences, and all have F1 scores over 92% with respect to the left-branching structures, suggesting that they primarily learn to produce strictly left-branching trees.
145	60	This trivial strategy, which makes the model roughly equivalent to a sequential RNN, is very easy to learn.
146	67	In a shift–reduce model like SPINN, the model can simply learn to perform the REDUCE operation whenever it is possible to do so, regardless of the specific words and phrases being parsed.
149	75	For the baseline models, this value is slightly above the 5.7 value for the Stanford Parser trees.
165	14	The first two highlight settings where the ST-Gumbel model is consistent where it shouldn’t be, and the third highlights a setting in which it is worryingly inconsistent.
176	35	However, combining the first two words in sentences that start with adverbials, proper names, bare plurals, or noun phrases with multiple modifiers will generally result in meaningless constituents like Kings frequently (Figure 4, bottom).
178	93	This contrasts with some mainstream syntactic theories (Adger 2003; Sportiche et al. 2013), which generally take the object and the verb of a sentence to form a constituent for three reasons: taking the top right sentence in Figure 4 as an example, (i) we can replace it with a new constituent of the same type without changing the surrounding sentence structure, as in he did so, (ii) it can stand alone as an answer to a question like what did he do?, and (iii) it can be omitted in otherwise-repetitive sentences like He shot his gun, but Bill didn’t .
180	18	Random parses only form these constituents in 34% of the sentences, and balanced parses only do so in 50%, but the ST-Gumbel models with the leaf GRU do so about 67% of the time and consistently across runs, while those without the leaf GRU do so less consistently, but over 90% of the time in some runs.
181	65	This strategy is effective when the negation word is meant to modify a single other word to its right, as in Figure 5, top left sub-figure, but this is frequently not the case.
183	42	Further, combining not with at goes against the syntactic observation that prepositional phrases can gen- erally move along with the following noun phrases as a constituent (as in semantically comparably sentences like, He is not sure at all.).
184	263	Function Words and Modifiers Finally, the STGumbel models are not consistent in their treatment of function words, like determiners or prepositions, or in their treatment of modifiers like adverbs and adjectives.
185	116	This reflects quantitative results in Table 3 showing that ST-Gumbel parse trees correspond to PTB for PP and ADJP constituents at much lower rates than do SPINN-based models or models supplied with random trees.
186	29	For example, the top left tree of Figure 6 (ST-Gumbel) associated the determiner the with the verb, when it should form a constituent with the noun phrase Nazi angle as in the top right tree (PTB).
187	16	The resulting phrase, the Nazi angle, has a clear meaning—unlike discussed the—and it passes syntactic tests for constituency; for example, one can replace the noun phrase with the pronoun it without otherwise modifying the meaning of the sentence.
189	38	One syntactic test that with horror forms a P-NP constituent comes from the fact that it can be a stand-alone answer to a question; for example, the question how did the students react?
194	28	If we attempt to interpret these trees under the standard assumption that all the constituents in a sentence must be interpretable and must contribute to the meaning of the sentence, we force ourselves to interpret implausible constituents like we briefly, and reach implausible sentence-level interpretations, such as taking the sentence in Figure 6, top left, to mean that those of us who are brief discussed the Nazi angle.
