2	74	Research in natural language processing (NLP) has begun to study persuasive writing and the role of language in persuasion.
4	64	At the same time, research in psychology has shown that prior beliefs can affect our interpretation of an argument even when the argument consists of numbers and empirical studies that would seemingly belie misinterpretation (Lord et al., 1979; Vallone et al., 1985; Chambliss and Garner, 1996).
9	44	In addition to the text of the debates, the dataset contains a multitude of background information on the users of the debate platform.
10	19	To the best of our knowledge, it is the first publicly available dataset of debates that simultaneously provides such comprehensive information about the debates, the debaters and those voting on the debates.
11	41	With the dataset in hand, we then propose the novel task of studying persuasion (1) at the level of individual users, and (2) in a setting that can control for selected user-level factors, in our case, the prior beliefs associated with the political or 1035 religious ideology of the debaters and voters.
14	25	Finally, we identify which features appear to be most important for persuasion, considering the selected user-level factors as well as the more traditional linguistic features associated with the language of the debate itself.
32	19	For each such dimension, voters have the option to choose one of the debaters as better or indicate a tie.
34	16	There are two alternate criteria for determining the successful debater in a debate.
37	29	As shown in Figure 2, debaters get points for each dimension of the debate.
38	26	The most important dimension — in that it contributes most to the point total — is making convincing arguments.
41	17	Since voters share their stances before and after the debate, the debater who convinces more voters to change their stance is declared as the winner.
42	18	On debate.org, each user has the option to share demographic and private state information such as their age, gender, ethnicity, political ideology, religious ideology, income level, education level, the president and the political party they support.
57	31	To represent the opinions of a user on a big issue, we use a fourdimensional one-hot encoding where the indices of the vector correspond to PRO, CON, N/O (no opinion), and UND (undecided), consecutively (1 if the user chooses that value for the issue, 0 otherwise).
65	42	In Figure 6, we see that there are distinctive clusters of CONSERVATIVE vs. LIBERAL users in the two-dimensional representation while for ATHEIST vs. CHRISTIAN, the separation is not as distinct.
66	22	This suggests that people’s opinions on the big issues identified by debate.org correlate more with their political ideology than their religious ideology.
74	16	Therefore, it is important to understand the relative effect of prior beliefs vs. argument strength on persuasion.
76	24	However, we believe that studies of the effect of language on persuasion should take into account other, extra-linguistic, factors that can affect opinion change: in particular, we propose an experimental framework for studying the effect of language on persuasion that aims to control for the prior beliefs of the reader as denoted through their self-identified political and religious ideologies.
77	17	As a result, we study a more fine-grained prediction task: for an individual voter, predict which side/debater/argument the voter will declare as the winner.
79	19	In the first task, we control for religious ideology by selecting debates for which each of the two debaters is from a different religious ideology (e.g., debater 1 is ATHEIST, debater 2 is CHRISTIAN).
101	28	User features We use the cosine similarities between the voter and each of the debaters’ big issue vectors.
106	22	It includes features that carry information about the style of the language (e.g., usage of modal verbs, length, punctuation), represent different semantic aspects of the argu- ment (e.g., showing evidence, connotation (Feng and Hirst, 2011), subjectivity (Wilson et al., 2005), sentiment, swear word features) as well as features that convey different argumentation styles (argument lexicon features (Somasundaran and Wiebe, 2010).
111	26	We do ablation for each of user-based and linguistic features.
121	16	An interesting observation is that including the user-based features along with the linguistic features changes the set of important linguistic features for persuasion removing the personal pronouns from the important linguistic features set.
128	43	As shown in Table 5, using user-based features only, the matching political ideology feature performs the best (80.40%).
129	46	Linguistic features (refer to Table 5 for the full list) alone, however, can still obtain significantly better accuracy than the baseline (59.60%).
130	83	The most important linguistic features include approval, politeness, modal verbs, punctuation and argument lexicon features such as rhetorical questions and emphasizing.
131	85	When combining this linguistic feature set with the matching political ideology feature, we see that with the accuracy improves to (81.81%).
135	18	When using language features only, length feature (56.88%) is the most important.
136	27	For this setting, the best accuracy is achieved when we combine user features with length and Tf-idf features.
167	17	One could explore the effect different aspects of people’s background (e.g., gender, education level, ethnicity) on persuasion.
