0	41	Voice powered artificial agents have become widespread among consumer devices, with agents like Amazon Alexa, Google Now and Apple Siri being popular and widely used.
1	69	Their success relies not only on accurately recognizing user requests, but also on continuously expanding the range of requests that they can understand.
2	30	An ever growing set of functionalities is critical for creating an agent that is engaging, useful and human-like.
3	10	This presents significant scalability challenges regarding rapidly developing the models at the heart of the natural language understanding (NLU) engines of such agents.
4	23	Building accurate models for new functionality typically requires collection and manual annotation of new data resources, an expensive and lengthy process, often requiring highly skilled teams.
5	37	In addition, data collected from real user interactions is very valuable for developing accurate models but without an accurate model already in place, the agent will not enjoy widespread use thereby hindering collection of high quality data.
6	9	Presented with this challenge, our goal is to speed up the natural language expansion process for Amazon Alexa, a popular commercial artificial agent, through methods that maximize re-usability of resources across areas of functionality.
7	14	Each area of Alexa’s functionality, e.g., Music, Calendar, is called a domain.
9	13	To achieve this, we adapt recent ideas at the intersection of deep learning and transfer learning that enable us to leverage available user interaction data from other areas of functionality.
10	15	To summarize our contributions, we describe data efficient deep learning architectures for NLU that facilitate knowledge transfer from similar tasks.
11	40	We evaluate our methods at a much larger scale than related transfer learning work in NLU, for fast and scalable expansion of hundreds of new natural language domains of Amazon Alexa, a commercial artificial agent.
26	7	We focus on Amazon Alexa, an intelligent conversational agent that interacts with the user through voice commands and is able to process requests on a range of natural language domains, e.g., playing music, asking for weather information and editing a calendar.
27	6	In addition to this built-in functionality that is designed and built by internal developers, the Alexa Skills Kit (ASK) (Kumar et al., 2017) enables external developers to build their own custom functionality which they can share with other users, effectively allowing for unlimited new capabilities.
30	10	Intents correspond to user intention, e.g., ‘FindRecipeIntent’, and slots correspond to domain-specific entities of interest e.g.,‘FoodItem’.
31	22	Developers also define a set of commonly used utterances that cover the core use cases of the functionality, e.g., ‘find a recipe for chicken’.
32	12	We call those core utterances.
35	2	We have developed infrastructure to allow internal and external teams to define their domain, and create or expand linguistic resources such as core utterances and gazetteers.
37	5	The collection of carrier phrases and gazetteers for a domain is called a grammar.
38	17	Grammars can be sampled to generate synthetic data for model training.
39	4	For example, we can generate the utterance ‘find a recipe for pasta’ if the latter dish is contained in the ‘FoodItem’ gazetteer.
43	24	External developers can also continuously enrich the data they provide for their cus- tom domain.
46	16	The data from such user interactions can be sampled and annotated in order to provide additional targeted training data for improving the accuracy of the domain.
47	118	A good bootstrap model accuracy will lead to higher user engagement with the new functionality and hence to a larger opportunity to learn from user interaction data.
