3	20	Crucially, most prior work on this topic focused on production, while little is currently known about cross-linguistic influence in language comprehension.
4	32	In this work, we present a novel framework for studying cross-linguistic influence in language comprehension using eyetracking for reading and free-form native English text.
5	20	We collect and analyze English newswire reading data from 182 participants, including 145 English as Second Language (ESL) learners from four different native language backgrounds: Chinese, Japanese, Portuguese and Spanish, as well as 37 native English speakers.
6	26	Each participant reads 156 English sentences, half of which are shared across all participants, and the remaining half are individual to each participant.
7	13	All the sentences are manually annotated with part-of-speech (POS) tags and syntactic dependency trees.
8	63	We then introduce the task of Native Language Identification from Reading (NLIR), which requires predicting a subject’s native language from gaze while reading text in a second language.
30	16	Of those, 37 are native English speakers and 145 are ESL learners from four native language backgrounds: Chinese, Japanese, Portuguese and Spanish.
33	14	The English proficiency score was calculated as the number of correctly answered questions on these modules.
35	13	Table 1 presents the number of participants and the mean English proficiency score for each native language group.
59	66	In the shared regime, all the participants read the same set of sentences.
64	18	Fixation Measures We utilize three measures of word fixation duration: • First Fixation duration (FF) Duration of the first fixation on a word.
65	45	• First Pass duration (FP) Time spent from first entering a word to first leaving it (including re-fixations within the word).
66	15	• Total Fixation duration (TF) The sum of all fixation times on a word.
67	17	We experiment with fixations over unigram, bigram and trigram sequences seqi,k = wi, ..., wi+k−1, k ∈ {1, 2, 3}, where for each metric M ∈ {FF, FP, TF} the fixation time for a sequence Mseqi,k is defined as the sum of fixations on individual tokens Mw in the sequence2.
80	17	• Syntactic Clusters (SC) CS features are average globally normalized FF, FP and TF times for word sequences clustered by our three types of syntactic labels: universal POS, PTB POS, and syntactic relation labels.
89	30	Notably, this feature-set is very compact, and differently from the syntactic clusters, does not rely on the availability of external annotations.
96	14	The random clusters baseline clusters words into groups randomly, with the number of groups set to the number of syntactic categories in our data.
122	47	ERSy,y′ = ∑ (x,y)∈Dy p(y′|x;θ)+ ∑ (x,y′)∈Dy′ p(y|x;θ) |Dy |+|Dy′ | (5) We compare these reading similarities to the linguistic similarities between our native languages.
140	15	The basic question that we examine in this respect is on which features do readers of different native language groups spend more versus less time.
149	35	Figure 2a presents the mean TF times for determiners in all five native languages, suggesting that native speakers of Portuguese and Spanish, which do have determiners, do not exhibit reduced reading times on this structure compared to natives.
151	116	In figure 2b we present the mean TF reading times for pronouns (PRP), where we also see shorter reading times by natives of Japanese and Chinese as compared to English natives.
152	19	In both languages pronouns can be omitted both in object and subject positions.
154	77	In figure 2c we further observe that differently from natives of Chinese and Japanese, native speakers of Portuguese and Spanish spend more time on NN+POS in head final possessives such as “the public’s confidence”.
160	15	According to this interpretation, increased reading times of nouns are the result of substantially smaller lexical sharing with English by Chinese and Japanese as compared to Spanish and Portuguese.
162	15	Conversely, structural influence leading to reduced reading times on determiners and pronouns could explain longer dwelling on nouns.
163	69	A third possibility consistent with the observed reading patterns would allow for both structural and lexical effects to impact second language reading.
164	56	Importantly, in each of these scenarios, ESL reading patterns are related to linguistic factors of the reader’s native language.
165	62	We note that the presented analysis is preliminary in nature, and warrants further study in future research.
171	18	This analysis can be extended in various ways, such as inclusion of additional feature types and fixation metrics, as well as utilization of other comparative methodologies.
188	51	We demonstrate for the first time that this signal can be used to determine a reader’s native language.
