1	72	In this work, we go one step further and mathematically prove that ES is equivalent to the problem of choosing (i) an objective function θ for scoring system summaries, and (ii) an optimizer O.
2	9	We use (θ, O) to denote the resulting decomposition of any extractive summarizer.
3	49	Our proposed decomposition enables a principled analysis and evaluation of existing summarizers, and addresses a major issue in the current evaluation of ES.
4	19	This issue concerns the traditional “intrinsic” evaluation comparing system summaries against human reference summaries.
7	21	Moreover, the commonly used evaluation metric ROUGE yields a noisy surrogate evaluation (despite its good correlation with human judgments) compared to the much more meaningful evaluation based on human judgments.
9	3	The (θ,O) decomposition we propose addresses this issue: it enables a well-defined and principled evaluation of extractive summarizers on the level of their components θ and O.
10	16	In this work, we focus on the analysis and evaluation of θ, because θ is a model of the quality indicators of a summary, and thus crucial in order to understand the properties of “good” summaries.
11	36	Specifically, we compare θ functions of different summarizers by measuring the correlation of their θ functions with human judgments.
12	15	Our goal is to provide an evaluation framework which the research community could build upon in future research to identify the best possible θ and use it in optimization-based systems.
13	56	We believe that the identification of such a θ is the central question of summarization, because this optimal θ would represent an optimal definition of summary quality both from an algorithmic point of view and from the human perspective.
14	62	In summary, our contribution is twofold: (i) We present a novel and principled evaluation framework for ES which allows evaluating the objective function and the optimization technique separately and independently.
15	65	(ii) We compare wellknown summarization systems regarding their implicit choices of θ by measuring the correlation 26 of their θ functions with human judgments on two datasets from the Text Analysis Conference (TAC).
16	11	Our comparative evaluation yields surprising results and shows that extractive summarization is not solved yet.
17	20	The code used in our experiments, including a general evaluation tool is available at github.com/UKPLab/acl2017-theta_ evaluation_summarization.
18	103	Let D = {si} be a document collection considered as a set of sentences.
20	6	O is an operator which takes an objective function θ from the set of all objective functions Θ and a document collection D from the set of all document collections D, and outputs a summary S∗: O : Θ×D → S (θ,D) 7→ S∗ (3) Decomposition Theorem Now we show that the problem of ES is equivalent to the problem of choosing a decomposition (θ, O).
21	7	We formalize an extractive summarizer σ as a set function which takes a document collection D ∈ D and outputs a summary SD,σ ∈ P(D).
22	20	With this formalism, it is clear that every (θ,O) tuple forms a summarizer because O(θ, ·) produces a summary from a document collection.
23	30	But the other direction is also true: for every extractive summarizer there exists at least one tuple (θ, O) which perfectly describes the summarizer: Theorem 1 ∀σ, ∃(θ,O) such that: ∀D ∈ D, σ(D) = O(θ,D) This theorem is quite intuitive, especially since it is common to use a similar decomposition in optimization-based summarization systems.
