0	29	“We’d now like to open the floor to shorter speeches disguised as questions...” – Steve Macone, New Yorker cartoon caption Why do we ask questions?
1	24	Perhaps we are seeking factual information that others hold, or maybe we are requesting a favor.
3	53	Questions play a prominent role in social interactions (Goffman, 1976), performing a multitude of rhetorical functions that go beyond mere factual information gathering (Kearsley, 1976).
4	63	While the informational component of questions has been well-studied in the context of question-answering applications, there is relatively little computational work addressing the rhetorical and social role of these basic dialogic units.
48	28	The following question, asked to the Prime Minister by an opposition MP about contamination of the meat supply in 2013, encapsulates this odd mix of purposes: “The Prime Minister is rightly shocked by the revelations that many food products contain 100% horse.
82	98	This directed subgraph represents the question at multiple levels of specificity simultaneously; in particular, the set of sinks (i.e., nodes with outdegree 0; henceforth sink motifs) ofMq is the most finegrained way to specify the phrasing of q.
84	118	The second component of our framework structures the space of questions according to their functional roles, thus going beyond the lexicosyntactic representation captured via motifs.
86	29	Therefore, if two questions are phrased differently but answered in similar ways, the parallels exhibited by their answers should reflect commonalities in the askers’ intentions.
87	57	To operationalize this intuition, we first construct a latent space based on answers, and then map question motifs (Section 4) to the same space.
88	36	Using the resultant latent representations, we can then cluster questions with similar rhetorical functions, even if their surface forms are different.
91	54	We then construct a term-document matrix, where terms correspond to answer fragments, and documents correspond to individual answers in the corpus.
99	42	Intuitively, if two motifs mi and mj have vectors qi and qj which are close together, they elicit answers that are close in the latent space, so are functionally similar in this sense.
101	28	To determine the type of a particular question q∗, we transform it to a binary vector (q∗i ) where q∗i = 1 if motif i is a sink motif of q ∗; using only sink motifs at this stage allows us to characterize a question according to the most specific representation of its phrasing, thus avoiding spurious associations resulting from more general motifs.
103	53	Since question motifs and answer fragments have both been mapped to the same latent space (as rows of Q̂ and UA respectively), we can also assign each answer fragment to a question type.
108	46	We apply our pipeline to the questions in the parliamentary dataset, and induce a typology of k = 8 question types to capture the rich array of questions represented in this space while preserving interpretability.
111	43	Types 6 and 7 are much more combative: in type 6 questions the asker explicitly attempts to force the minister to concede/accept a point that would undermine some government stance, while type 7 contains condemnatory questions that prompt the minister to justify a policy that is self-evidently bad in the eyes of the asker.
112	33	In contrast, type 2 constitutes tamer narrow queries that require the minister to simply report on non-partisan matters of policy.
131	26	In contrast, opposition members tend to offer trenchant partisan criticism of government policies, seeking to destabilize the government’s relationship with its MPs and create negative press in the country at large.
132	32	In characterizing the question-asking activity of government and opposition MPs, this friendly vs. adversarial behavior should also be reflected in a rhetorical typology of questions.12 Concretely, to quantify the relationship between a particular question type t and asker affiliation P , we compute the log-odds ratio of type t questions asked by MPs in P , compared to MPs not in P .13 Figure 1A shows the resultant log-odds ratios of each question type for government and opposition members.
142	36	We now apply our framework to gain further insights into the nature of political discourse in Parliament, focusing on how questioning behavior varies with a member’s tenure in the institution.
144	37	Alternatively, older MPs who have less at stake in terms of prospects of further promotion may ask more antagonistic questions.
146	41	In order to understand the extent to which young or old members contribute a specific type of question, for each question type t we compute the median tenure of askers of each question in t, and compare the median tenures of different question types, for each affiliation (Figure 2A).14 We see that among both affiliations, more aggressive questions tend to originate more from older members, reflected in significantly higher median tenures (for types 6 in both affiliations, and 7 in government MPs; Mann Whitney U test p < 0.001 comparing within-type median tenure with outside-type median tenure); whereas standard issue update questions tend to come from younger members (p < 0.001, both affiliations).
147	44	Notably, the disproportionate aggressiveness of older members manifests even among government MPs who direct these questions towards their own government.
155	46	In this work we introduced an unsupervised framework for structuring the space of questions according to their rhetorical role.
156	29	We instantiated and validated our approach in the domain of parliamentary question periods, and revealed new interactions between questioning behavior and career trajectories.
157	60	We note that our methodology is not tied to a particular domain.
158	69	It would be interesting to explore its potential in a variety of less structured domains where questions likewise play a crucial role.
159	276	For example, examining how interviewers in highprofile media settings (e.g., Frost on Nixon) can use their questions to elicit substantive responses from influential people would aid us in the broader normative goal of holding elites to account, by gaining a better understanding of what and how to ask, and what (not) to accept as an answer.
160	83	From a technical standpoint, future work could also augment the representation of questions and answers presently used in our framework, beyond our heuristic of using root arcs without noun phrases.
167	34	The authors thank the anonymous reviewers and Liye Fu for their com- ments and for their helpful questions.
