0	112	In cities such as Chicago, gang-involved youth have increasingly turned to social media to post about their experience, often expressing grief when friends or family members are shot and killed.
3	38	In some communities, violence outreach workers manually scour online spaces to identify such possibilities and intervene to diffuse situations.
9	17	When classifying an individual tweet, our system considers the content and emotional impact of the tweets in the author’s recent history.
12	21	By integrating our induced domain-specific and context information in a CNN, we achieve a significant increase over their reported results.
13	50	Our contributions include: • A new labeled dataset, six times larger than that of prior work; • Domain-specific resources, automatically induced from our constructed unlabeled dataset; • Context features that capture semantic and emotion content in the user’s recent posts as well as their interactions with other users in the dataset.
40	55	Our dataset consists of two parts: first, a collection of 4,936 tweets authored or retweeted by Gakirah Barnes, a powerful female Chicago gang member, and her top communicators, as well as ad- ditional Twitter users in the same demographic, annotated by social work researchers who have been studying Gakirah and the associated Chicago gangs.
45	18	Our tweets thus form a representative sample of Twitter dialogue between youth from Chicago neighborhoods with high levels of gang activity during that time period.
65	28	We exploited the large unlabeled corpus to build two domain-specific resources for this task: word embeddings and a task-specific lexicon.
75	28	We therefore adapted the SENTPROP algorithm (Hamilton et al., 2016) to automatically induce a lexicon of Aggression and Loss from our unlabeled corpus.
76	26	The SENTPROP algorithm constructs a lexical graph out of the word embeddings, then propagates labels from the seed sets over the unlabeled nodes via a random walk method.
103	43	Then, before combining tweet level representations into context level, we multiplied each tweet representation bi by its weight, 2− ∆t f , where ∆t = t − i is the distance in days between the context tweet ai and the current tweet at, and f = d ∗ r is the half life.
107	49	For each pair of users, we aggregated all their tweets of mutual involvement into one document and averaged the document’s word embeddings to create a representation of their pairwise interactions in R300.
129	17	We used as our baseline method a linear-kernel SVM classifier as used by Blevins et al. 2016.
133	61	The part-of-speech tagger used in Blevins et al. 2016 was developed for use on this domain; emotion features are computed using scores for each tweet word taken from the Dictionary of Affect in Language (DAL).
140	53	We trained a parallel set of word embeddings on the African American English (AAE) corpus of around 1.1 million tweets provided by Blodgett et al. 2016, and another set on a corpus of a location-specific set of tweets that we scraped, drawn from users who posted from a specific area within the South Side of Chicago where the gangs we study are based.
142	29	We first explored the impact of the user history parameters, tuning them separately for representations by our domain-specific word embeddings and by SPLex.
160	23	Thus, we attribute the difference to the importance of deriving embeddings directly from our community of interest, demonstrating that the language of our community is more specific than AAE in general and that our snowballing method was able to capture a better representation of user language than a location driven method.
163	23	The best window size was d = 90 days, including only SELF posts, and using a half-life ratio of r = 0.25.
168	33	The short time frame for SPLex user history corresponds with the 2 day window found in Patton et al. 2018b’s research and reflects the fact that emotional states may fluctuate often and within a certain number of days.
173	37	Adding context contributed to a significant improvement in both the CNN and SVM frameworks, demonstrating the independent value of our context features over domain-specific resources.
197	17	These risks include possible misidentifications of tweets, increased police involvement, and loss of privacy, which all have the potential to harm marginalized communities and people.
198	60	Our mitigation strategies begin by partnering with violence prevention organizations and incorporating domain experts (Frey et al., 2018) to ensure the highest ethical standards for interpreting social media posts and for the dissemination and use of our research for violence prevention.
201	20	Furthermore, using domainspecific embeddings and an Aggression-Loss lexicon induced from a corpus of language constructed to represent our specific community of users is also critical to success.
202	30	Our experiments reveal that our snowballing technique is more effective than a location based approach and that fitting our community is more complex than resorting to their demographic, as captured in the AAE corpus of Blodgett et al. (2016).
204	90	Our partnership between computer scientists, social work researchers and practitioners has advanced plans to create applications to help outreach workers in Chicago identify factors related to potential violence, potentially allowing them to prevent and intervene in aggressive online activity.
205	97	The tool, which would be co-created with community stakeholders, would enable quick scanning of large quantities of social media posts that outreach workers would be unable to perform manually.
206	153	We expect our methods to be generalizable because we compute embeddings and lexicons from neighborhood-specific data and do not rely on large, hand-crafted resources such as dictionaries.
207	152	However, we hope to test generalizability in future work by applying our methods to other gang-related corpora, because there is variation in language, local concepts, and behavior across gangs.
208	42	In the future, we are also interested in further experimenting with the context features introduced in this work; for instance, by extending our pairwise interaction features to take into account direction between users.
209	88	Finally, we intend to explore other types of context, such as reference to specific events that may trigger the emotions of either Aggression or Loss.
