1	39	In its fullfledged version, it seeks to automatically recognize the structure of argumentation in a text by identifying and connecting the central claim of the text, supporting premises, possible objections, and counter-objections to these objections.1 A variety of applications can profit from access to the argumentative structure of text, including the retrieval of relevant court decisions from legal databases (Palau and Moens, 2011), automatic document summarization systems (Teufel and Moens, 2002), the analysis of scientific papers in biomedical text mining (Teufel, 2010; Liakata et al., 2012), or essay scoring.
4	55	The full-fledged task can be decomposed into several subtasks: • Segmentation: splitting the text into elementary discourse units (EDUs as used in general kinds of discourse parsing, typically sentences or clauses) • Identification of argumentative discourse units (ADUs): discarding argumentatively irrelevant EDUs, joining adjacent EDUs to form larger ADUs • ADU type classification: determining the type of argumentative unit; different schemes have been proposed, involving stance, evidence types, rhetorical status, argumentative function • Relation identification: building a connected tree- or graph-structure to represent argumentative relations between the ADUs • Relation type classification: determining the type of argumentative relation (e.g. supporting versus attacking relations or more finegrained types) In this paper, we address the last three subtasks: Given a text segmented into relevant ADUs, identify the argumentation structure.
34	20	The texts have been collected in a controlled text generation experiment, with the result that all of them fulfill the following criteria: (i) The length of each text is about 5 ADUs (henceforth: segments).
38	29	Scheme: The argumentation structure of every text has been annotated according to a scheme (Peldszus and Stede, 2013) based on Freeman’s theory of argumentation structures (Freeman, 1991; Freeman, 2011), that has been proven to yield reliable structures in annotation experiments (Peldszus, 2014).
40	27	Each node is associated with one argumentative role: the proponent who presents and defends the central claim, or the opponent who critically questions the proponent’s claims.
41	39	Edges between the nodes represent argumentative relations, and each edge is of one specific argumentative function: support or attack.
44	20	Transformation: The annotated graph structures can be quite complex, especially when they involve undercutting relations and linked support.
75	20	The outer 5-fold CV is for evaluation only, i.e. to ensure that the model is trained only on training data and tested only on test data.
79	22	It is therefore a reasonable baseline to assume that all segments attach to the first segment.
95	27	The feature vector for each pair then contains both the pair features and the segment features for source and target segment and their adjacent segments.3
96	64	The simple model just described might be able to learn which segment pairs actually attach, i.e., correspond to some argumentative relation in the corpus.
99	56	In the simple+MST model, this is achieved by a minimum spanning tree (MST) decoding, which has first been applied for syntactic dependency parsing (McDonald et al., 2005a; McDonald et al., 2005b) and later for discourse parsing (Baldridge et al., 2007; Muller et al., 2012).
105	20	However, it is fair to assume that knowledge about the argumentative role and function of a segment or its likeliness to be the central claim might improve the attachment classification.
106	32	Consequently, our next model considers not only the predicted probability of attachment for a segment pair, but also the predicted probabilities of argumentative role, function and of being the central claim for each segment.
117	49	The edge-score for the central claim level cci,j is equal to the probability of the edge’s source not being the central claim, which is capturing the intuition that central claims are unlikely to have outgoing edges: cci,j = p(cci = no) (1) The edge-score for the argumentative function level fui,j is equal to the probability of the source being the corresponding segment for the edge type: fui,j = { p(fui = sup) for sup.
119	43	Attacking edges involve a role switch (proponent or opponent would not attack their own claims), while supporting edges preserve the role (proponent or opponent will only support their own claims): roi,j =  p(roi = pro)× p(roj = pro)+ p(roi = opp)× p(roj = opp) for sup.
129	51	Finally, all evidence graphs of the test set are instantiated with the selected weighting (the equal one or the optimized one) and evaluated.
155	43	The evidence graph models (EG equal & EG best) clearly outperform the simple and simple+MST model, indicating that the attachment classification can benefit from jointly predicting the four different levels.
156	26	Note, that the EG model with equal weighting scores slightly better than the one with optimized weighting for German but not for English.
171	50	Using the external relation labeler drastically improves function classification and indirectly also role identification.
172	29	The combined model (MP+p+r) yields best results for all mstparser models, but is still significantly outperformed by EG equal in all tasks except attachment classification.
175	24	The only level not benefiting from any MST model in comparison with the base classifier is the role classification: In the final MST, the role of each segment is only implicitly represented, and can be determined by following the series of the role-switches of each argumentative function from the segment to the root.
176	29	The loss of accuracy for predicting the argumentative role is much smaller for German than for English, probably due to the better attachment classification in the first place.
178	57	Projecting further improvements: We have shown that joint prediction of all levels in the evidence graph models helps to improve the classification on single levels.
196	24	For the purposes of automatic mining, the original more fine-grained annotation in the corpus was reduced to a slightly simplified scheme consisting of support and attack relations among argumentative discourse units.
200	90	To the best of our knowledge, this is the first data-driven model of argumentation structure that optimizes argumentation structure globally for the complete sequence of input segments.
202	83	Although a direct comparison with results from related work on other corpora is not possible, we can draw indirect comparisons.
204	40	Since it is outperformed by our joint MST decoding model on our data, we assume similar gains could be accomplished on their student essay dataset.
205	46	Our next step is to apply the method to other corpora and to more complex text, where the identification of non-participating segments (which are irrelevant for the argumentation) needs to be accounted for.
206	32	Furthermore, we plan to investigate structured models that not only jointly predict but jointly learn the different aspects of the argumentation graph.
