3	49	For most places, people typically go there for a common set of reasons, which we will refer to as prototypical goal activities (goal-acts) for a location.
6	35	Goals and plans are essential to understand people’s behavior and we use our knowledge of prototypical goals to make inferences when reading.
13	86	For example, if a friend tells you that they went to a restaurant, you might reply “What did you eat?”, but if a friend says that they went to Yosemite, a more appropriate response might be “Did you hike?” or “Did you see the waterfalls?”.
14	22	Our knowledge of prototypical goal activities also helps us resolve semantic ambiguity.
22	17	Our research aims to learn the prototypical goalacts for locations using a text corpus.
42	22	Our aim is to learn the most prototypical goal-acts for locations.
43	31	To tackle this problem, we first extract locations and related activities from a large text corpus.
47	24	Since our interest is learning about the activities of ordinary people in their daily lives, we use the Weblog subset of the Spinn3r corpus, which contains over 133 million blog posts.
49	59	However we also need to identify locations and want to include both proper names (e.g., Disneyland) as well as nominals (e.g., store, beach), so Named Entity Recognition will not suffice.
60	37	For example, “go to the doctor” extracts “doctor” as a location.
86	20	For example, the activity “have appointment” frequently co-occurs with “clinic” but doesn’t reveal the underlying reason for going to the clinic (e.g., probably to see a doctor or undergo a medical test).
91	20	Given a small number of “seed” locations coupled with predefined goal-acts, we want to learn the goal-acts for new locations.
99	20	For each seed location li ∈ S, we first automatically construct an activity profile vector hi based on the gold goal-acts which were obtained from human annotators as described in Section 4.1.
103	25	The activity profiles of seed locations stay constant through the learning process.
106	41	Intuitively, we assume that similar locations should share similar activity profiles,3 which motivates the following objective function over matrix Y : argmin Y ∑ i,k Wi,k‖yi − yk‖2, s.t.
111	33	Intuitively, different pairs of activities share different similarities, e.g., “eat burgers” should be more similar to “have lunch” than “read books”.
132	16	Since this is a new task and there is no existing dataset for evaluation, we use crowd-sourcing via Amazon Mechanical Turk (AMT) to acquire gold standard data.
141	17	A key question that we wanted to investigate through this manual annotation effort is to know whether people truly do associate the same prototypical goal activities with locations.
150	28	But at least half (5) of the annotators listed the same goal-act for 40% of the locations.
157	17	We see from Table 2 that some locations yield very similar sets of goal-acts (e.g., sink, airport, bookstore), while other locations show more diversity (e.g., lake, chiropractor, Chinatown).
188	16	The first 3 rows show the results for the baseline systems, and the remaining rows show results for our Activity Profile (AP) semi-supervised learning method.
189	27	We show results for 5 variations of the algorithm: AP uses Algorithm 1, and the others use Algorithm 2 with different Activity Similarity measures: AP+AL (location profile similarity), AP+AO (overlap similarity), AP+AE (embedding similarity), and AP+AL+E (location profiles plus embeddings).
194	24	For these experiments, the system gets full credit if any of its top k answers exactly matches the gold standard, or 50% credit if a partial match is among its top k answers.
196	16	Table 4 shows six locations with their gold answers and the Top 3 goal-acts hypothesized by our best AP system and the PMI and FREQ baselines.
216	39	Even within a group, different locations often have quite different sets of co-occurring activities.
218	69	It is worth noting that our locations were extracted by two syntactic patterns and it remains to be seen if this has brought in any bias — detecting location nouns (especially nominals) be beneficial in future work.
220	39	We introduced the problem of learning prototypical goal activities for locations.
225	45	Challenges also remain in how to evaluate the accuracy of goal knowledge extracted from text corpora.
226	34	Nevertheless, our work represents a first step toward learning goal knowledge about locations, and we believe that learning knowledge about plans and goals is an important direction for natural language understanding research.
227	71	In future work, we hope to see if we can take advantage of more contextual information as well as other external knowledge to improve the recognition of goalacts.
