0	48	Acquisition of vocabulary and semantic knowledge of a second language, including appropriate word choice and awareness of subtle word meaning contours, are recognized as a notoriously hard task, even for advanced non-native speakers.
1	139	When nonnative authors produce utterances in a foreign language (L2), these utterances are marked by traces of their native language (L1).
3	64	Specifically, psycholinguistic research has shown that the choice of lexical items is influenced by the author’s L1, and that non-native speakers tend to choose words that happen to have cognates in their native language.
4	139	Cognates are words in two languages that share both a similar meaning and a similar phonetic (and, sometimes, also orthographic) form, due to a common ancestor in some protolanguage.
56	19	In the absence of a restrictive policy, multiple flair alternatives often exist for the same country, e.g., ‘CROA’ and ‘Croatia’ for Croatia.
74	32	We classified 200 chunks of 100 randomly sampled sentences from each country into (i) native vs. non-native English speakers, (ii) the three IE language families, and (iii) 45 individual L1s, where the six English-speaking countries are unified under the native-English umbrella.
80	19	Unlike most corpora of non-native speakers, which focus on learners (e.g., ICLE (Granger, 2003), EFCAMDAT (Geertzen et al., 2013), or the TOEFL dataset (Blanchard et al., 2013)), our corpus is unique in that it is composed by fluent, advanced non-native speakers of English.
82	25	We excluded texts produced by US authors due to the high ratio of the US immigrant population; (ii) Reddit non-native English authors; and (iii) A population of English learners, using the TOEFL dataset (Blanchard et al., 2013); here, the proficiency of authors is classified as low, intermediate, or high.
101	103	To trace the etymological history of English words we used Etymological WordNet (EW), a database that contains information about the ancestors of over 100K English words, about 25K of them in contemporary English (de Melo, 2014).
103	48	Intuitively, an English word with Latin roots may exhibit higher (phonetic and orthographic) proximity to its Romance languages’ counterparts.
129	58	To improve the tagging accuracy, we applied a preprocessing step of ‘truecasing’, where each token w was assigned the case (lower, upper, or upper-initial) that maximized the likelihood of the consecutive tri-gram 〈wpre, w, wpost〉 in the Corpus of Contemporary American English (COCA).9 For example, the trigram ‘the us people’ was converted to ‘the US people’, but ‘let us know’ remained unchanged.
132	17	Bamman et al. (2014) introduced a model for incorporating contextual information (such as geography) in learning vector representations.
140	39	Given two English texts originating from different countries, we computed for each word w in our focus set (i) the difference in the frequency of w in the two texts; and (ii) the distance between the vector representations of w in these texts, estimated by cosine similarity of the two corresponding word vectors.
144	49	Formally, given two English texts ELi and ELj , with Li and Lj native languages, and given a word w in the focus set, let fi and fj denote the frequencies of w in ELi and ELj , respectively.
150	31	We used Ward’s hierarchical clustering11 with the Euclidean distance metric to derive a tree from the distance matrix M. We considered several other weighting alternatives, including assignment of constant weights to the two factors in Equation 1; they all resulted in inferior outcomes.
155	16	First, and much expectedly, all native English speakers are grouped together into a single, distant sub-tree, implying that similarities exhibited by the lexical choices of native speakers go beyond geographical and cultural differences.
156	35	The Englishes of non-native speakers are clustered into three main language families: Germanic, Romance, and Balto-Slavic.
169	19	Although some of the intra-family ties were captured (in particular, all native speakers were clustered together), the resulting tree (Figure 2) is far inferior.
177	18	We used the Indo-European tree in Glottolog13 as our gold standard, pruning it to contain the set of 31 languages considered in this work.
180	30	All distances are normalized to a zero-one scale, where the bounds, zero and one, represent the identical and the most distant tree with respect to the gold standard, respectively.
182	17	The best result is obtained by considering both word frequencies and representations, being only slightly superior to the tree reconstructed using word frequencies alone.
194	80	An interesting phenomenon is revealed by the synset {conceivable, imaginable}: while both words have Latin origins, imaginable is more ubiquitous in the English language, rendering it more frequent in texts of German native speakers, compared to the more balanced choice of Spanish authors.
203	21	The results are accompanied by a large dataset of native and non-native English speakers, annotated for author country (and, presumably, also L1) at the sentence level.
204	24	Several open questions remain for future research.
205	470	From a theoretical perspective, we would like to extend this work by studying whether the tendency to choose an English cognate is more powerful in L1s with both phonetic and orthographic similarity to English (Roman script) than in L1s with phonetic similarity only (e.g., Cyrillic script).
206	330	We also plan to more carefully investigate productions of speakers from multilingual countries, like Belgium and Switzerland.
207	86	Another extension of this work may broaden the analysis to include additional language families.
209	83	First, we plan to exploit the potential benefits of our findings to the task of native language identification of (highly advanced) non-native authors, in various domains.
210	27	Second, our results will be instrumental for personalization of language learning applications, based on the L1 background of the learner.
211	59	For example, error correction systems can be enhanced with the native language of the author to offer root cause analysis of subtle discrepancies in the usage of lexical items, considering both their frequencies and context.
