19	44	We introduce a new framework for modeling language change in populations.
22	44	), privileging the acquisition model and separating it from the population model.
48	23	Algebraic frameworks have their mathematical advantage, but network frameworks provide a richer model for representing real-world population structures and swarm models capture density effects by default.
49	61	An ideal framework would combine the benefits of all three of these.
52	21	We begin by conceptualizing the framework in terms of agents traveling probabilistically over a network structure as in Algo.
54	53	There is an individual standing at every node in the graph, and at every iteration, each individual begins at some location and travels along the network’s edges, at each step deciding to continue on or to stop and interact with the agent at that node.
58	29	Algorithm 1: One iteration of the propagation model conceptualized on the level of an individual agent for each individual node do Begin traveling; while traveling do Randomly select an outgoing edge by weight and follow it OR stop travel; increase chance of stopping next time; end Interact with the individual at the current node; end
59	26	Social networks are typically conceived of as graph structures with individuals as vertices and the social or geographical connections between individuals as edges, and this allows for a great deal of flexibility.
76	22	In a system with g grammars and n individuals, a n × g row-stochastic matrix G specifies the probability with which each community expresses each grammar.
80	43	2 calculates E by first calculating all the interaction probabilities in the network then multiplying those by the grammars which every agent expresses to get the environment E. The α parameter from the geometric distribution1 defines the travel decay rate.
92	36	The second component of the framework describes the learning algorithm A(Et+1) = Gt+1, how individuals respond to their input environment.
94	21	This back-andforth between adults’ grammars G and childrens’ environment E is the two-step cycle of language change (Fig.
116	28	It appears that mergers have an inherent advantage because they tend to spread at the expense of distinctions, and once they begin, they are rarely reversed (Labov, 1994).
118	53	Applied to Johnson (2007)’s detailed population study of the frontier of the COT-CAUGHT merger in the small towns along the border between Rhode Island and Massachusetts, this accurately predicts the ratio of merged input for a child to acquire the merged grammar, however when applied to a perfectly mixed population of learners, it fails to model the spread of the merged grammar in the population.
121	66	The COT-CAUGHT merger, also called the low back merger describes the phenomenon present in varieties of North American English spoken in eastern New England, western Pennsylvania, the American West, and Canada among others where the vowel in words like cot and the vowel in words like caught have come to be pronounced the same (Labov et al., 2005, pp.
124	27	The merger has swept through in only a few years and passed between the siblings.
135	27	The merged g+ grammar collapses would-be minimal pairs into homophones, so the penalty rate C+ comes down to lexical access.
136	41	Under the observation that more frequent homophones are retrieved first regardless of syntactic context (Caramazza et al., 2001), g+ listeners only suffer initial misinterpretation when the less frequent member of a pair is uttered regardless of the rate of M+.
139	59	And given M+ input, they misinterpret whenever they hear the phoneme which g− does not expect (e.g., a merged speaker pronouncing cot with the CAUGHT vowel) times the probability of not mishearing that vowel (1- ) plus times the probability of hearing the right vowel (i.e., the merged speaker pronounces cot with the COT vowel but it is misheard anyway) (first half of Eqn.
140	26	Since g− misinterpretation rates are a function of the rate of M+ (p) in the environment, there is a threshold of M+ speakers above which the merged grammar has a fitness advantage over the non-merged one.
141	41	C+ = 1 H ∑ i min(hio, h i oh) (6) C− = 1 H ∑ i [ p0((1− oh)hio + ohhioh) (7) +q0( ohh i o + ohh i oh) ] Calculating this threshold for the frequent minimal pairs that Yang extracts from the Wortschatz project (Biemann et al., 2004) corpus3 and mishearing rates from Peterson and Barney (1952), the Yang model predicts that a learner exposed to at least ∼ 17% COT-CAUGHT-merged input will acquire the merger.
151	48	Inter-cluster connections are chosen randomly so that some connections are between central members of the clusters and some are between peripheral members.
173	132	To explore this, we present the average network-wide rate of (M+) across 10 trials, revealing that an S-like curve is formed each time but that its slope varies.
177	25	It is much simpler computationally than previous frameworks because it calculates the statistically expected behavior of each generation analytically and therefore removes the entire inner loop of calculating stochastic inter-agent interactions from the simulation.
183	64	In our simulation of the spread of the COTCAUGHT merger, we show how a cognitivelymotivated model of acquisition requires a network model in order to represent population-level language change.
184	54	The population is represented as a collection of individual clusters based on sociological work, but the clusters themselves are connected randomly.
186	132	One problem that this line of simulation work has always faced has been the lack of viable comparison between models because every study implements its own learning, network, and interaction models.
188	40	Finally, since this framework reduces to Niyogi & Berwick’s models in perfectly-mixed populations, it can be used to reason about the formal dynamics of language change as well.
189	84	Without simulation, it would be difficult or impossible to undercover the interplay between acquisition and social structure on the propagation of language change.
191	45	Simulations of this kind which explicitly model both simultaneously is well equipped to provide insights that fieldwork and laboratory work cannot.
