0	100	In clinical medicine, prognosis refers to the risk of future health outcomes in patients with given features.
1	25	Prognostic research aims at building actionable predictive models that can inform clinicians about future course of patients’ clinical conditions in order to guide screening and therapeutic decisions.
2	172	With the recent abundance of data linkages, electronic health records, and bio-repositories, clinical researchers have become aware that the value conferred by big, heterogeneous clinical data can only be realized with prognostic models based on flexible machine learning (ML) approaches.
3	5	There is, however, a concerning gap between the potential and actual utilization of ML in prognostic research; the reason being that clinicians with no expertise in data science find it hard to manually design and tune ML pipelines (Luo et al., 2017).
4	51	To fill this gap, we developed AUTOPROGNOSIS, an automated ML (AutoML) framework tailored for clinical prognostic modeling.
5	24	AUTOPROGNOSIS takes as an input data from a patient cohort, and uses such data to automatically configure ML pipelines.
6	37	Every ML pipeline comprises all stages of prognostic modeling: missing data imputation, feature preprocessing, prediction, and calibration.
7	6	The system handles different types of clinical data, including longitudinal and survival (time-to-event) data, and automatically explains its predictions to the clinicians via an “interpreter” module which outputs clinically interpretable associations between patients’ features and predicted risk strata.
9	22	The core component of AUTOPROGNOSIS is an algorithm for configuring ML pipelines using Bayesian optimization (BO) (Snoek et al., 2012).
11	17	We implement BO with a Gaussian process (GP) prior on the black-box function.
12	49	To deal with the high-dimensionality of the pipeline configuration space, we capitalize on the fact that for a given dataset, the performance of one ML algorithm may not be correlated with that of another algorithm.
13	16	For instance, it may be the case that the observed empirical performance of logistic regression on a given dataset does not tell us much information about how a neural network would perform on the same dataset.
14	4	In such a case, both algorithms should not share the same GP prior, but should rather be modeled independently.
15	78	Our BO learns such a decomposition of algorithms from data in order to break down the high-dimensional optimization problem into a set of lowerdimensional sub-problems.
16	47	We model the decomposition of algorithms via an additive kernel with a Dirichlet prior on its structure, and learn the decomposition from data in concurrence with the BO iterations.
18	6	AUTOPROGNOSIS follows a principled Bayesian approach in all of its components.
19	21	The system implements post-hoc construction of pipeline ensembles via Bayesian model averaging, and implements a meta-learning algorithm that utilizes data from external cohorts of “similar” patients using an empirical Bayes method.
21	80	We conclude the paper by conducting a set of experiments on multiple patient cohorts representing various aspects of cardiovascular patient care, and show that prognostic models learned by AUTOPROGNOSIS outperform widely used clinical risk scores and existing AutoML frameworks.
