2	24	Yet, logic-based systems, which are closer to the linguistic theories, can be a viable alternative, especially for inference-related problems (Bos and Markert, 2005; Bjerva et al., 2014; Abzianidze, 2015).
3	32	That is the direction we advocate for; grounded in the fields of formal grammar and formal semantics, we are interested in the computation of logical representations of discourse.
5	63	In particular, this paper shows how a system of anaphora resolution—independently required for the interpretation of pronouns (she, it) and discourse adverbials (then, otherwise)—along with an appropriate representation of propositional attitude verbs and verbs of report (AVs, e.g., think, say) can be used to account for the non-alignment between syntactic and discourse arguments (Dinesh et al., 2005; Hunter and Danlos, 2014) observed for instance in (1).2 In these discourses, although the AV with its subject (Jane said) is part of the syntactical arguments of the connectives, it is not considered part of the corresponding discourse arguments and is said to be evidential.
7	31	(1) (from Hunter and Danlos 2014) a. John didn’t come to the party although Jane said he was back in town.
18	16	Webber et al. (2003) argue that in contrast with the first two types, jointly called “structural connectives”, adverbials are interpreted anaphorically.
31	30	Things are similar with monologue; in (5) (from Hunter and Danlos 2014), the evidential use of Jane said allows he is out of town to be argument of an implicit Explanation relation.5 (3) a.
43	27	According to Danlos and Rambow (2011), however, the relation in (6) is not hedged and a strong revision of propositional attitude occurs: one infers that the speaker agrees with Jill’s report.
44	28	(6) John didnt come to the party.
50	27	For example, on the contrary, does not suffer from the same limitations (8): the explicit connective is compatible with the evidential interpretation (8b).
52	42	#Fred didn’t come to my party because Jane said he is out of town.
54	19	a. Jane said that Fred is coming with his whole family.
56	15	Independently, Haegeman (2004) argues that adverbial clauses (i.e., subordinate clauses that function as adverbs) are composed of two classes: central adverbial clauses and peripheral ones.
58	66	On the other hand, such elements cannot scope over a peripheral one, as illustrated by (10), which unambiguously expresses a contrast between Fred’s happiness and the rain.
67	17	We propose that no connectives are really fully structural, but all behave anaphorically, in the sense that their discourse arguments are not determined by syntax alone.
70	18	The first one applies to all connectives: a discourse argument must have been introduced by the corresponding syntactic argument (in this case, eA is the only candidate for Arg1, but both eB and e ′ are candidates for Arg2).
73	63	This explains why the two sentences in (11) are acceptable: although, a peripheral connective, has access to both eB and e′ which can be selected as Arg2 depending on their semantics.
89	16	According to a similar principle, in the continuation semantics of de Groote (2006), a sentence is a function that takes as argument not only its left context, but also its continuation, i.e., the remaining portion of the discourse, whose argument is meant to be the context updated with the information expressed by the proposition.
91	56	In particular, an anaphora is modelled using a selection function, a term representing the algorithmic process of determining (from the context) the reference of the anaphoric expression.
96	23	We consider here that any sentence describes such a propositional marker, which is provided to the semantic translation of the sentence as an argument, and can additionally introduce other markers in the context when, for instance, it contains a report or a discourse connective.
97	17	The meaning of a single sentence is computed as usual, according to a syntactic parse and the semantic entries of the lexicon; Table 1 below shows the parts of the lexicon that are relevant to the current discussion.
103	37	Note how JthinkK in Table 1 introduces the marker e′, described by the complement P (the proposition embedded under think).
121	25	The sentence Fred came although Eva thinks he was sick is translated into term c′ of Table 2: while selP (eA, c ′′) is necessarily resolved as eA itself (because of the first rule), selP (eB, c′′) could potentially be either eB (intensional interpretation) or e′ (evidential one), the latter being indicated by world-knowledge.
125	28	The only difference is that as they lack one syntactic argument, only one propositional marker (eB) is introduced, while the other has to be determined anaphorically from the left context c with an unconstrained selection function.
126	38	However, Sabine thinks he is sick is translated into term d of Table 2; it is very similar to c′, only the selection of Arg1 is different.
127	55	So far, we have been considering that explicit connectives always introduced “plain” (unmodalized) DRs.
128	50	By simply adding as axioms that veridical DRs such as Explanation or Concession (Asher and Lascarides, 2003) entail the truth of their arguments (R(e, eA, eB) ⇒ e ⊃ eA ∧ e ⊃ eB), we obtain the strong revision of propositional attitude proposed by Danlos and Rambow (2011).
129	83	However, to get the “hedged DR” interpretation advocated for by Hunter (2016), one can modify the terms of the connectives along the following lines: use a conditional statement to introduce a modalized propositional marker for the DR if one of the selected arguments has been introduced by an AV (this piece of information is present in the context), directly use the provided (unmodalized) marker otherwise.
147	46	We have argued that all discourse connectives— not the adverbials only—should be treated as anaphors, with different classes of connectives obeying different anaphoric constraints.
151	16	We have shown how to implement this proposal in de Groote (2006)’s dynamic framework.
152	84	Such a framework makes it possible to handle discourse semantics without the need of a syntactic parse above the sentence level, and in a strictly compositional way using continuations.
