8	16	Mishra et al. (2016b) and Mishra et al. (2016c) show that NLP systems based on cognitive data (or simply, Cognitive NLP systems) , that leverage eye-movement information obtained from human readers, can tackle the semantic and pragmatic challenges better.
9	26	The hypothesis here is that human gaze activities are related to the cognitive processes in the brain that combine the “external knowledge” that the reader possesses with textual clues that she / he perceives.
10	95	While incorporating behavioral information obtained from gaze-data in NLP systems is intriguing and quite plausible, especially due to the availability of low cost eye-tracking machinery (Wood and Bulling, 2014; Yamamoto et al., 2013), few methods exist for text classification, and they rely on handcrafted features extracted from gaze data (Mishra et al., 2016b,c).
11	91	These systems have limited capabilities due to two reasons: (a) Manually designed gaze based features may not adequately 377 capture all forms of textual subtleties (b) Eyemovement data is not as intuitive to analyze as text which makes the task of designing manual features more difficult.
12	296	So, in this work, instead of handcrafting the gaze based and textual features, we try to learn feature representations from both gaze and textual data using Convolutional Neural Network (CNN).
13	197	We test our technique on two publicly available datasets enriched with eyemovement information, used for binary classification tasks of sentiment polarity and sarcasm detection.
14	46	Our experiments show that the automatically extracted features often help to achieve significant classification performance improvement over (a) existing systems that rely on handcrafted gaze and textual features and (b) CNN based systems that rely on text input alone.
16	69	Section 2 discusses the motivation behind using readers’ eye-movement data in a text classification setting.
17	7	In Section 3, we argue why CNN is preferred over other available alternatives for feature extraction.
