1	35	Although in the context of prescriptive linguistics (Strunk and White, 1979), style is often assumed to be a matter of aesthetics, the stylistic intuitions of language users are inextricably linked to the conventions of register and genre (Biber and Conrad, 2009).
3	21	Examples include genre classification (Kessler et al., 1997), author profiling (Garera and Yarowsky, 2009; Rosenthal and McKeown, 2011), social relationship classification (Peterson et al., 2011), sentiment analysis (Wilson et al., 2005), readability classification (Collins-Thompson and Callan, 2005), and text generation (Hovy, 1990; Inkpen and Hirst, 2006).
10	29	In English manuals of style and other prescriptivist texts (Fowler and Fowler, 1906; Gunning, 1952; Follett, 1966; Strunk and White, 1979; Kane, 1983; Hayakawa, 1994), writers are urged to pay attention to various aspects of lexical style, including elements such as clarity, familiarity, readability, for- 673 mality, fanciness, colloquialness, specificity, concreteness, objectivity, and naturalness; these stylistic categories reflect common aesthetic judgments about language.
12	23	In Biber’s approach, functional dimensions such as Involved vs. Informational, Argumentative vs. Non-argumentative, and Abstract vs. non-Abstract are derived in an unsupervised manner from a mixed-genre corpus, with the labels assigned depending on where features (a small set of known indicators of register) and genres fall on each spectrum.
13	38	The theory of Leckie-Tarry posits a single main cline of register with one pole (the oral pole) reflecting a full reliance on the context of the linguistic situation, and the other (the literate pole) reflecting a reliance on cultural knowledge.
15	25	For the present study, we have chosen 3 dimensions (6 styles) which are clearly represented in the lexicon, which are discussed often in the relevant literature, and which fit well into the Leckie-Tarry conception of related subclines: colloquial vs. literary, concrete vs. abstract, and subjective vs. objective.
17	33	These correlations can potentially interfere with accurate lexical acquisition.
18	44	Our main model is an adaption of the popular latent Dirichlet allocation topic model (Blei et al., 2003), with each of the 6 styles corresponding to a topic.
22	66	An extension of LDA, the correlated topic model (CTM) (Blei and Lafferty, 2007), supposes a more complex representation of topics: given a matrix Σ representing the covariance between topics and µ representing the means, for each document a topic distribution η (analogous to θ ) is drawn from the logistic normal distribution.
28	30	We discovered, however, that batch models were markedly inferior to more traditional models for our purposes because the influence of the initial model diminishes too quickly; here, we need particular topics in the model to correspond to particular styles, and we accomplish this by seeding the model with known instances of each style (see Section 3).
30	20	Typically, LDA iterates over the corpus until a convergence requirement is met, but in this case this is neither practical (due to the size of our corpus) nor necessarily desirable; the diminishing effects of the initial seeding means that the model may not stabilize, in terms of its likelihood, until after it has shifted away from our desired stylistic dimensions towards some other variation in the data.
32	42	The model is trained on a 1 million text portion of the 2009 version of the ICWSM Spinn3r dataset (Burton et al., 2009), a corpus of blogs we have previously used for formality lexicon induction (Brooke et al., 2010).
50	37	Two more-holistic alternatives are total accuracy, the percentage of seeds for which the highest βtw is the topic t for which w is a seed (guessing baseline is 0.17), and the average rank of the correct t as ordered by βtw (in the range 1–6, guessing baseline is 3.5); the latter is more forgiving of near misses.
52	29	Standard LDA produces all tokens in the document, but when dealing with style rather than topic, the number of times a word appears is much less relevant (Brooke et al., 2010).
56	49	Since the number of optimal iterations varies, we report the result from the best of the first five iterations, as measured by total accuracy; the best iteration is shown in parenthesis.
58	21	As predicted, using words as boolean features had a net positive gain, consistent across all of our metrics, though this effect was not as marked as we have seen previously.
60	33	Particularly striking is the much larger drop in overall accuracy as compared to pairwise accuracy, which suggests that the combo model is capturing the general trends but not distinguishing correlated styles as well.
61	25	However, the most complex model, the CTM, actually does slightly worse than the combo, which was contrary to our expectations but nonetheless consistent with previous work on the interpretability of topic models.
64	33	An analysis of individual errors reveals, unsurprisingly, that most of the errors occur across styles on the same pole; by far the largest single common misclassification is objective words to abstract.
68	22	After training, we carried out inference on the BNC corpus, averaging the resulting θ ’s to see which styles are associated with which genres.
71	38	The most obvious pattern in table 2 is the dominance of the medium: all written genres are positive for our styles on the ‘cultural’ pole and negative for styles on the ‘situational’ pole and the opposite is true for spoken genres.
72	30	The magnitude of this effect is more difficult to interpret: though it is clear why fiction should sit on the boundary (since it contains spoken dialogue), the appearance of news at the written extreme is odd, though it might be due to the fact that news blogs are the most prevalent formal genre in the training corpus.
74	26	Relative to the other written genres, for instance, fiction is, sensibly, more literary and much less objective, while academic texts are much more abstract and objective; for the other two written genres, the spread is more even, though relative to religious texts, news is more objective.
75	21	At the situational pole, fiction also stands out, being much more colloquial and concrete than other written genres.
76	19	Predictably, if we consider again the ratios across styles, conversation is the most colloquial genre here, though the difference is subtle.
80	130	The independence assumptions of the LDA model did not prevent strong correlations from forming between these distinct yet clearly interrelated dimensions; if anything, the correlations are stronger than we would have predicted.
82	59	Topic models like LDA are often evaluated using information-theoretic measures, but our emphasis has been on interpretibility: at the word level we can use the model to induce stylistic lexicons which correspond to human judgement, and at the text level we can use it distinguish genres in expected ways.
85	31	One advantage of a Bayesian approach is in the flexibility of the model: there are any number of other interesting possible extensions at both the θ and β levels of the model, including alternative approaches to correlation (Li and McCallum, 2006).
86	17	Beyond Bayesian models, vector space and graphical approaches should be compared.
87	48	More work is clearly needed to improve evaluation: some of our seeds could fall into multiple stylistic categories, so a more detailed annotation would be useful.
