0	43	Given samples from a distribution, many settings in machine learning and statistics involves estimating properties of the unseen portion of the distribution, i.e. elements in the support of the distribution that are not observed in the samples collected so far.
1	32	One important example of estimating the unseen is the problem of predicting the number of distinct new elements in additional samples collected.
2	18	This question is famously illustrated by the case of Corbet’s butterflies.
3	82	Alexander Corbet was a British naturalist who spent two years in Malaya trapping butterflies.
4	17	He found 118 rare species of butterflies for which he found only one specimen, another 74 species with two specimens, 44 with three specimens, etc.
5	36	Corbet was naturally interested in the butterflies that are heretofore unseen.
6	30	In particular, he wanted to estimate how many distinct new species of butterflies he can expect to discover if he were to conduct a new expedition to Malaya—such an estimate could help determine whether a new experiment is warranted.
7	2	GoodToulmin, extending earlier work of Ronald Fisher, came up with the remarkable estimate that the number of new species Corbet can expect to find is simply the alternating sum 118 - 74 + 44 - ...
8	24	The Good-Toulmin estimator sparked the investigation into how to estimate the discovery rate of new elements and this remains an active area of research.
9	11	Estimating the discovery rate has many important applications beyond the original species collection setting.
10	4	In genomics, for example, an important question is: given the genetic variation already identified in the genomes of individuals from some population (say, East Asia), how many additional mutations do we expect to find by sequencing the genomes of additional individuals from East Asia.
11	40	An accurate answer to this question can improve the cohort design of new population sequencing experiments.
12	73	Predicting the number of new elements is a particular instance of estimating the unseen.
15	106	More generally, one may want to estimate the histogram of the underlying distribution, which summarizes the frequency distribution of all the elements (see Sec.
18	2	In practice, we often have multiple distinct distributions and we observe varying number of samples from each distribution.
19	10	In the genomics example above, in addition to sequencing data from East Asians, we also have genome sequences of individuals from Europe, Africa, etc.
21	34	Moreover, given a finite budget Nnew of new genomes that we can sequence, how should we allocate this budget across the different populations to maximize the expected number of new mutations oberved?
22	7	Similarly, suppose Corbet had also collected butterflies in Brunei and Indonesia, in addition to Malaya.
25	30	In this paper, we address the general problem of estimating the unseen when we have samples from multiple populations, each corresponding to a potentially distinct distribution.
27	34	We derive a multi-population generalization of the Good-Toulmin estimator for the expected number of new elements.
28	9	Surprisingly, we prove that the accuracy of our extrapolation estimator is independent of the number of populations.
29	3	Moreover, it achieves the optimal super-linear extrapolation rate.
30	1	Next, we develop an efficient optimization method to estimate the more general multi-population joint frequency distribution.
51	15	We model the multi-population unseen estimation as a two stage process.
56	1	If tj is large, then we will obtain many more samples from population j in the second period compared to what we have, and the problem of estimating U could be more challenging.
58	1	We later discuss how we to leverage our estimator of U to optimize the tj’s in order to maximize the number of new discoveries.
59	1	Note that in general, the nj’s and tj’s can differ arbitrarily across the populations.
61	20	A good estimator for this U quantifies the expected information gain of the second period.
62	2	In the one population setting, this statistic is the focus of Good-Toulmin and a large number of papers.
