0	29	Sepsis is a clinical condition involving a destructive host response to the invasion of a microorganism and/or its toxin, and is associated with high morbidity and mortality.
3	23	It was also recently shown that timely administration of a 3-hour bundle of care for patients with sepsis (i.e. blood culture, broadspectrum antibiotics, and a lactate measurement) was associated with lower in-hospital mortality (Seymour et al., 2017), further emphasizing the need for fast and aggressive treatment.
4	94	Unfortunately, early and accurate identification of sepsis remains elusive even for experienced clinicians, as the symptoms associated with sepsis may be caused by many other clinical conditions (Jones et al., 2010).
7	70	As one example, the Royal College of Physicians developed, validated, and implemented the National Early Warning Score (NEWS) to identify patients who are acutely decompensating (Smith et al., 2013).
8	44	Such early warning scores compare a small number of physiological variables (NEWS uses six) to normal ranges of values to generate a single composite score.
11	17	Previous measurements revealed 63.4% of the alerts triggered by the NEWS score at our hospital were cancelled by the care nurse, suggesting breakdowns in the training and education process, low specificity, and high alarm fatigue.
14	19	However, this task is complicated by a number of problems that arise working with real EHR data, some of them particular to sepsis.
15	32	Unlike other clinical adverse events such as cardiac arrests or transfers to the Intensive Care Unit (ICU) with known event times, sepsis presents a challenge as the exact time at which it starts is generally unknown.
23	29	Our approach hinges on constructing an end-toend classifier that takes in raw physiology time series data, transforms it through a Multitask Gaussian Process (MGP) to a more uniform representation on an evenly spaced grid, and feeds the latent function values through a deep recurrent neural network (RNN) to predict the binary outcome of whether or not the patient will become (or is already) septic.
24	28	Setting up the problem in this way allows us to leverage the powerful representational abilities of RNNs, which typically requires standardized inputs at uniformly-spaced intervals, for our irregularly spaced multivariate clinical time series.
27	19	We train our model with real patient data extracted from the Duke University Health System EHR, using a large cohort of heterogeneous inpatient encounters spanning 18 months.
50	18	Given a new patient encounter, the goal is to continuously update the predicted probability that the encounter will result in sepsis, using all available information up until that time.
55	27	, tiTi ] during the encounter we obtain information about M different types of vitals and laboratory tests that characterize the patient’s physiological state, where ti1 = 0 is the time of admission.
56	53	These longitudinal values are denoted Yi = [yi1, yi2, .
64	27	Finally, each encounter in the training set is associated with a binary label oi ∈ {0, 1} denoting whether or not the patient acquired sepsis; we go into detail about how this is defined from the raw data in Section 4.1.
70	28	We assume each function has a prior mean of zero, so that the data has been centered.
83	46	The MGP provides a posterior distribution for the M ×Xi matrix Zi of latent time series values at the grid times xi within this encounter, while also maintaining uncertainty over the values.
93	27	At each time xij , a new set of inputs dij = [z>ij ,b > i ,p>ij ]> will be fed into the network, consisting of the M latent function values zij , the baseline covariates bi, and pij , a vector of counts of the S medications administered between xij and xi,j−1.
131	25	The patient encounters range from very short admissions of only a few hours to extended stays lasting multiple months, with the mean length of stay at 121.7 hours, with a standard deviation of 108.1 hours.
133	24	This makes the dataset representative of the real clinical setting in which our method will be used, across the entire inpatient wards.
141	19	For non-septic encounters we train on the full length of the encounter until discharge.
176	39	It is most useful to evaluate with such a high sensitivity as this is the setting clinicians typically want to use a risk score, in order not to miss many cases.
178	30	Throughout, it has much higher precision than NEWS, MEWS, and SIRS, especially so in the few hours immediately preceding sepsis.
179	115	This is a very important clinical point, since clinicians want a method with very high precision and a low false alarm rate to reduce the alarm fatigue experienced with current solutions.
187	21	In particular, we could incorporate a clustering component with different sets of MGPs for different latent subpopulations of encounters, to address high heterogeneity across patients.
188	40	The medication data might be better utilized to also learn the effect of medications on the physiological time series.
192	89	This work has the potential to have a high impact in improving clinical practice in the identification of sepsis, both at our institution and elsewhere.
194	79	Use of a model such as ours to predict onset of sepsis would significantly reduce the alarm fatigue associated with current clinical scores, and could both significantly improve patient outcomes and reduce burden on the health system.
196	46	We are currently working to implement our methods directly into an application that can pull live data from our health system’s EHR and present our model’s predictions to a rapid response team.
197	18	This will allow us to apply our methods in a real-time clinical setting and their utility can be proven empirically, as data is collected on how accurate the alarms it raises are and how it is used on the actual wards.
