0	28	Several psycholinguistic studies in the last two decades have brought extensive evidence that humans activate a rich array of event knowledge during sentence processing: verbs (e.g. arrest) activate expectations about their typical arguments (e.g. cop, thief ) (McRae et al., 1998; Altmann and Kamide, 1999; Ferretti et al., 2001; McRae et al., 2005; Hare et al., 2009; Matsuki et al., 2011), and nouns activate other nouns typically co-occurring in the same events (Kamide et al., 2003; Bicknell et al., 2010).
7	49	The present work sets itself among the unsupervised approaches to thematic fit estimation.
8	56	By relying on explicit and interpretable count-based vector representations, we propose a simple, cognitively-inspired, and efficient thematic fit model using information extracted from dependency-parsed corpora.
26	58	As pointed out by Sayeed et al. (2016), most works on unsupervised thematic fit estimation vary in the method adopted for constructing the prototypes.
27	62	The semantic role prototype is usually a vector, obtained by averaging the most typical fillers, and plausibility of new fillers depends on their similarity to the prototype, assessed by means of vector cosine (the standard similarity measure for DSMs; see Turney and Pantel (2010)).
28	37	Its merits notwithstanding, we argue that this method is not optimal for characterizing roles.
33	48	In other words, not all the features of the semantic representations are active, and the composition process makes some features more ‘prominent’, while moving others to the background.6 Although we are not aware of experimental works specifically dedicated to verb-argument composition, a similar idea has been supported in studies on conceptual combinations (Hampton, 1997, 2007): when a head and a modifier are combined, their interaction affects the saliency of the features in the original concepts.
34	24	For example, in racing car, the most salient properties would be those related to SPEED, whereas in family car SPACE properties would probably be more prominent.
40	26	We rely on syntax-based DSMs, using dependency relations to approximate verb-specific roles and to identify their most typical fillers: for agents/patients, we extract the most frequent subjects/objects, for instruments we use the prepositional complements introduced by with, and for locations those introduced by either on, at or in.
55	27	In summary, we built centroid vectors for our verb-specific thematic roles by means of second order contexts, which are first order dependencybased contexts of the most typical fillers of a verbspecific role.
57	44	Filtering the prototype dimensions according to syntactic criteria might be useful to improve our role representations.
58	24	It is, indeed, reasonable to hypothesize that predicates co-occurring with the typical patients of a verb are more relevant for the characterization of its patient role than – let’s say – prepositional complements, as they correspond to other actions that are typically performed on the same patients.
66	61	When the prototype has been computed and the candidate filler vector has also been sorted, we can measure the Weighted Overlap by adapting APSyn (Santus et al., 2016a,b,c) to our needs: WO(wx, wy) = ∑ ∀f (x[1:N]∩y[1:N]) 1 avg(rx(f), ry(f)) (4) where for every feature f in the intersection between the top N features of the sorted vectors x, x[1:N ], and y, y[1:N ], we sum 1 divided by the average rank of the shared feature in x and y, rx(f) and ry(f) (N is a tunable parameter).
73	38	McRae and Padó include scores for agent and patient roles, whereas Ferretti includes instruments and locations (see Table 2 for the coverage of each system for the datasets).
74	23	Performance is evaluated as the Spearman correlation between the scores of the systems and the human plausibility judgments.
75	21	In order to make our results more comparable with previous studies, the typical fillers for each verb role were extracted from the TypeDM tensor of the Distributional Memory framework (see Section 3.1).10 Those were the same fillers used by Baroni and Lenci (2010) and Greenberg et al. (2015b).
77	25	Both were parsed with the Maltparser (Nivre and Hall, 2005).
79	46	The syntactic relations taken into account were: sbj, sbj-1, obj, obj-1, at-1, in-1, on-1, with-1.
80	23	To prove our hypotheses and verify the consistency of the system, we tested a large range of settings, varying: • the number of fillers used to build the prototype, with the most typical values in the literature ranging between 10 and 50.
87	19	In the first three rows, the table shows the scores obtained by our system varying the types of dependency contexts (i.e. ALL, SO, PREP) and the number of fillers considered for the prototype (i.e. 10, 30 and 50).
89	28	At a glance, our best scores always outperform the reimplementation of Baroni and Lenci, being mostly competitive with the state of the art models.
95	32	This is particularly interesting because – as pointed out by Sayeed and Demberg (2014) – instruments and locations are difficult to model for a dependency-based system, given the ambiguity of prepositional phrases (e.g. with does not only encode instruments, but it can also encode other roles, such as in I ate a pizza with Mark).
96	45	We think this is the main reason behind the different trend observed for the Instruments datasets with respect to the number of the fillers (see Table 3 and Figure 1).
97	64	Unlike all the other datasets, instrument prototypes built with more fillers tend to be more noisy and therefore to pull down both the vector cosine and WO performance (this is partially true also for locations, where the performances – for cosine and WO with a lower number of contexts – drop with more than 30 fillers: see Figure 1).
99	27	Our results show that, by weighting and filtering the features of the role prototype, dependency-based approaches can be successful in modeling roles other than agent and patient, eventually dealing also with the ambiguity of prepositional phrases.
120	157	We found that WO and vector cosine always have a high correlation (i.e. above 0.80), with the highest correlations reported for McRae and Ferretti-Instruments.
122	24	In this paper, we have introduced an unsupervised distributional method for modeling predicateargument thematic fit judgments which works purely on syntactic information.
123	34	The method, inspired by cognitive and psycholinguistic findings, consists in: i) extracting and filtering the most salient second order contexts for each verb-specific role, i.e. the most salient semantic dimensions of typical verb-specific role fillers; and then ii) estimating the thematic fit as a weighted overlap between the top features of the candidate fillers and of the prototypes.
125	25	It even registered the best performance on the Ferretti-Instruments dataset and it is the second best on the FerrettiLocations, which were known to be particularly hard to model for dependency-based approaches.
126	46	Our method is simple, economic and efficient, it works purely on syntactic dependencies (so it does not require a role-labeled corpus) and achieves good results even with no supervised training.
